Timothy Sackton: Transcript
Timothy Sackton: The transcripts work super well like the zoom cloud translation is amazingly good although it's it's really funny. I was reading through it Donmar and Denmark get transcribed is all sorts of weird things
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I'm
Timothy Sackton: In the pre Dawn hours after you've been asleep, maybe half the night Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: You awake suddenly to a gentle tapping on your door.
Timothy Sackton: standing outside is can trust. Trust in his silver trimmed oka
Timothy Sackton: walking towards you with the sense of purpose and resolve that you had not seen before he carries a staff of white ash. The silver crescent moon design on the top.
Timothy Sackton: And as he sees you look it says Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: When you walk with me for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: I intend to retreat for a few days to pray and meditate on recent events or would talk with you before I do
David Kong: So I kind of get up and you know I presume on school like a little hungover and a little skill.
David Kong: Yeah, yeah, realizing a little bit what's happening now. I'm feeling
David Kong: So I
David Kong: Apologize for for
David Kong: My behavior earlier but
David Kong: Yes, of course. I look forward to you.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on one sec. Sorry artist.
Timothy Sackton: He, he says, like, sort of Basil's have a beautifully and says, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Leads you either the end into the desert to the east sort of around the side of the village into a hidden stairway that climbs up the side of this gigantic run basically
Timothy Sackton: The climb is very steep but short adjusted the sun is rising you ascend to the top.
Timothy Sackton: I'm catching the first strains of the morning light.
Timothy Sackton: Come dresser says please set and the view is beautiful up here.
Timothy Sackton: You can see the morning light catching off the stones in the desert leaving everything in reds and golds and he pauses, for a moment, and then says
Timothy Sackton: I need to ask you a question.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems sort of concerned in a little puzzled.
Timothy Sackton: For several weeks. Every time I dream. I see a vision of a jade hand reaching out to me very lifelike. Except there's a crack that runs down the palm of a deep gash I've been cutting this down.
Timothy Sackton: Every night I reach out and try to grasp it, and every night. My hand passes through it as if it were an illusion.
Timothy Sackton: Until last night.
Timothy Sackton: You are in my dreams you did something to it you reached out in you healed that you placed something in the gash and then your hand closed around it and you vanished.
Timothy Sackton: Let's feel significant
Timothy Sackton: Do you know what this might
Be
David Kong: One of the reasons I sought you up and go, so it was because I've been very curious about the origins of them, the airline of mine, and I've also had dreams will also had many dreams.
David Kong: Dreams that I don't quite understand about my past places that I feel like I've been but also feel confident that had never been
David Kong: A lot of it, I think, has may have something to do with this.
David Kong: I pull out the the piece.
Timothy Sackton: When you pull that out. He looks
Timothy Sackton: Slightly stunned and that is
Timothy Sackton: That is it. That's that looks exactly like what I saw you holding in my dream last night.
David Kong: What's the significance, this is, this is part of why I came to seek you is to learn more about this stone.
David Kong: Had it as long as I can remember that.
David Kong: And it means something important. I just don't know what
Timothy Sackton: He's sort of pauses thoughtful for a moment and he sort of holds up his staff, which you can see this like crescent moon design begins to
Timothy Sackton: Here, let me see if I can
Timothy Sackton: I paste an image in chat.
Timothy Sackton: One second. It looks like it looks like it's very intricate elaborate design.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like that.
Timothy Sackton: Huh, and it seems to be glowing with the sort of silver light and
Timothy Sackton: As he
Timothy Sackton: As he as he are sort of asking these questions. He says,
Timothy Sackton: Just as the staff seems to grow both larger and more in substantial on. So if you're seeing through it through a famous he says
Timothy Sackton: I can send you to the dream world, if you wish, may find answers, but this is not a thing to do, lightly as it has its own perils maybe the only way to learn more about this item you carry and my visions.
David Kong: How do I travel there.
Timothy Sackton: He also staff. He says three this
David Kong: Are the places that I've seen in my dreams art of this world.
David Kong: Stream on
Timothy Sackton: A dream world. It's hard to explain. It's like an echo of our world. Everything here is reflected there, but in a different order in a different
Timothy Sackton: Geometry.
Timothy Sackton: You can see the past, the future things that blur and might have been things that might yet come to pass.
Timothy Sackton: You can see
Timothy Sackton: True things faults things
Timothy Sackton: And things that may yet become true
Timothy Sackton: The world of visions, but also occasionally have answers.
David Kong: Can I ride there on my own route to my own meditation practice.
David Kong: Something I've been studying
Timothy Sackton: I have heard rumor of individuals who
Timothy Sackton: Are able to reach out their minds and touch other planes.
Timothy Sackton: Right, if you could do this. I think you would know this staff. He holds it up.
Timothy Sackton: A relic of our faith.
Timothy Sackton: Provides a powerful connection.
Timothy Sackton: Between these planes between our material world and the land of dreams.
Timothy Sackton: And through this staff we are able to
Timothy Sackton: See visions manipulate experience dreams and connect to that world.
David Kong: Of course I'd like to travel there, is there anything that you advise me. How long will I be gone. And what will I find
Timothy Sackton: I cannot say what you will find you will be gone only moments time does not pass the same way here and there.
Timothy Sackton: I would say, remember the staff. Remember your body. Remember what what being you feels like. Or you may not be able to find your way back
David Kong: I'm ready.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, he's sort of holds up the staff and touches it here, forehead and you sort of feel yourself falling away from your body. The world turning
Timothy Sackton: Faint and in substantial as everything fades to a miss, except for the staff just sort of now a pulsing glowing kind of icon in the ground.
Timothy Sackton: And your Jade amla, which begins flashing with this green light brief images streaming out of it would be bad be too fast for you to see a really process, except that
Timothy Sackton: Occasionally on glimpse, something that you perhaps recognize from your dreams.
Timothy Sackton: And as the pace of the beats increase you realize that the light flashing from this amulet is forming a hand of jade in front of you as Kendra described reaching out to you as if to take your hand or the deep gash down the palm exactly as Kendra, as described
Timothy Sackton: It seems to be exactly the shape and size of your end
David Kong: You I have like a physical body here. Why do I have a sensation of having a body.
Timothy Sackton: You have a sensation of
Timothy Sackton: Sort of like you, if you, if you imagine a hand you sort of feel
Timothy Sackton: A hand forming. But when you're just looking around, you don't feel like you have no proprioception. You don't feel balanced or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: Or do you have
David Kong: That I actually like I can reach out to this.
Yeah.
David Kong: I do I rejected.
Timothy Sackton: So as you reach out with your hand, you feel like almost like you're catching something. But then as
Timothy Sackton: Contrasted described happening to him your hand just sort of passes through through the Jade and as you as your hand passes through at this
Timothy Sackton: Gosh, down the palm almost seems to like pulse again and
Timothy Sackton: It's almost like you're catching on the gas and you can't hold on to that.
David Kong: I had my in here and the dizzy do and I take my, my, like, bring it to the gas.
Timothy Sackton: As you start to bring it towards their you feel it almost like click into place like a puzzle piece and then almost before you can think at
Timothy Sackton: The hand is grasping onto yours and you feel yourself pulled as if through a vortex, you see a brief glimpse of a vast foremost expanse
Timothy Sackton: Filled with pulsing flashing multicolored vibrantly alive points of color drifting across space and impossible ways very much non
Timothy Sackton: Euclidean geometry direction seem to be meaningless here and for a moment, this galaxy of lights assaults, your sense of the new are overwhelmed that the hand is guiding you both pushing and you and drawing you in at the same time.
Timothy Sackton: Until your vision shifts and standing on a flat colorless plane.
Timothy Sackton: Before you is a man robbed and hooded holding a staff in one hand, as other hand and seemingly part of all of his arm as native Janet Jade.
Timothy Sackton: He looks at you for a long moment and then in a movement so quick. It seems like teleportation. He is standing directly in front of you is Jade hand moving towards you.
Timothy Sackton: And then through your forehead and he says, Kenzo open your eyes and see and as as he touches you you are knocked back momentarily feeling as of the, your eyes are opening again.
Timothy Sackton: Despite being already open. And you see yourself in this man standing next to each other. Both surrounded by a nimbus of light.
Timothy Sackton: You feel sort of almost trapped in time for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to do anything or just watch
Though
David Kong: He is this, or this, and this, Ben and I were just standing. The other we're standing there. So each other now.
Timothy Sackton: His chain hand is touching your forehead.
Timothy Sackton: And you are
Timothy Sackton: Sort of floating above your body
Timothy Sackton: But the man is well he's touching your forehead is also looking at you, not your body
David Kong: Why are you
Timothy Sackton: He opens his mouth as if trying to speak and then is shattered split into like a million pieces which are held
Timothy Sackton: Briefly for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Together as if
Timothy Sackton: Whoever. This is have been split into
Timothy Sackton: It, you know, 1000 fragments and each fragment was just held in place, forming the sort of illusion of a person, which then began to fly in all directions visions flashing across your mind's eye too fast to understand
Timothy Sackton: And as as you feel yourself being drawn back to your body as opposed by a cord. The staff now glowing in your vision in that moment before you are fully conscious, the voice of the man echoes in your mind.
Timothy Sackton: You are not alone. Seek the stories of the order of the Awakened Soul.
Timothy Sackton: And you blink.
Timothy Sackton: Seemingly but a moment you are gone and as your eyes open, you realize that you could still sense something of the energy of wherever you were. And you can feel
Timothy Sackton: Your mind's eye, waiting for you to open it again and the force of the expo extra planner power that of the place where you were not still not quite sure where you were joining with your key.
Timothy Sackton: Allowing you to reach out and manipulate the world.
Timothy Sackton: I can dress it looks at you.
David Kong: It just list them that whole period of time. And while I was gone, and whoever I was internally.
David Kong: I tried to rely on them that meditation practice and maintain just the most intensity of sense of presence as possible in part also to
David Kong: Basically kind of
David Kong: In a way, and when member lash like nap in my mind or in my internal
David Kong: Kind of presence, like the imprint of where I was and how I I like like that that
David Kong: The nonlinear way in which I got there, but to have like a beer Gary like strong presence and sense of of
David Kong: connection to that space.
David Kong: So in a way, just so that I could try to find my way back there easily
David Kong: With it, or to have it kind of really embody
Timothy Sackton: So, as he turned in. Look at can dress a keeping this this sort of image in your mind. I'm opening your eyes.
Timothy Sackton: It feels like you're opening more than just one set of eyes and looking at can dress that you can see around him, the sort of faint glowing aura churning with concern and confusion as he looks to you and says, slowly.
Timothy Sackton: Did you learn anything was that Elisa dating.
Timothy Sackton: You can see the sort of concern and and sort of confusion warring in his are as he begins to speak to you.
David Kong: What does the aura mean to me that I see around and
I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sure. I guess you're still kind of learning to you've never seen anything like this before, but you can recognize emotions and you can recognize
Timothy Sackton: You know, the sort of
Timothy Sackton: Strands of somebody's personality you kind of have playing out three of them, the sort of way that colors move around.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can tell that you know he's he's you know relatively healthy and and you can sort of sense, a little bit of his, his health and emotional state just
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of coming to you as you watch the the aura back into sort of flow around him.
Timothy Sackton: And what it reminds you of is the
Timothy Sackton: Sort of physical manifestation of the points of light of the color, the, the, you know, the points of multicolored flashing moving lights that you saw
Timothy Sackton: For a moment.
I'm
David Kong: Can dress.
David Kong: I
David Kong: I traveled someplace and I saw this Jade hand.
David Kong: And I also saw the man to whom this Jade and belong to
David Kong: I
David Kong: Used my my stone and somehow
David Kong: reunited with its form and
David Kong: I described I described the man. The Roman figure
David Kong: His hand all made it made completely of jade.
David Kong: And he told me
David Kong: That I could see
David Kong: And he told me to seek the order of the Awakened Soul.
David Kong: Do you know who this man was and you know about this order.
Timothy Sackton: I did not know who this man wise.
Timothy Sackton: I have heard legend of
Timothy Sackton: This this order this group of mistakes.
Timothy Sackton: I did not believe that the legends were true, to be honest.
Timothy Sackton: The story is that
Timothy Sackton: Out East
Timothy Sackton: Far from civilization.
Timothy Sackton: A group of
Timothy Sackton: Mystics of
Timothy Sackton: Travelers of mages, I don't know what to call them legend speak of their extraordinary powers of sight. Their perception, their ability to move without moving
Timothy Sackton: To strike without striking
Timothy Sackton: Supposedly, this is a
Timothy Sackton: Remnant of
Timothy Sackton: Old done Mari and mystical order.
Timothy Sackton: Trained in these arts and
Timothy Sackton: Seeking something for some purpose that nobody has ever stated, this is a, you know, of course, rumors and legends grow with the telling and you ask, you know, an old doesn't marry her, and they'll say,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the awakened saw there, you know, the ones who are seeking the last treasure of drink or, or, oh, the awakened saw there are the ones that keep us safe at night.
Timothy Sackton: Of course I know that that at least is not true.
Timothy Sackton: Whether there is truth to these
Timothy Sackton: Statements.
Timothy Sackton: I did not know.
David Kong: You know, or I can learn more about disorder.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody has nobody that I know of has seen or spoken to an individual who is part of this group.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know. You can ask, you can ask people about the legends, but
Timothy Sackton: To actually find the truth.
Timothy Sackton: I do not have an answer for you, other than
Timothy Sackton: Listen.
Timothy Sackton: Pay attention to the stories.
Timothy Sackton: And
Keep your eye out for
Timothy Sackton: Things.
Timothy Sackton: Unusual in the
Timothy Sackton: deeps of the wilderness.
David Kong: How can I learn more about this man, the speaker this robed figure he spoke to me. He knew me
Timothy Sackton: I do not know.
Timothy Sackton: I did not. I have not heard of a
Timothy Sackton: Man with a jade arm. I mean, there are many panels and legends of powerful Wizards of powerful mages, there are stories of
Timothy Sackton: Individuals
Timothy Sackton: Who have done earth shaking deeds.
Timothy Sackton: For stories of
David Kong: You know,
Timothy Sackton: The great mages of the of the Great War of caldera and rye.
Timothy Sackton: A traveler.
Timothy Sackton: There are stories even dating a lot before that Adrian. The Miss speaker.
Timothy Sackton: Of course, there are stories. How much of this is true.
Timothy Sackton: Hard to say.
David Kong: Um, Tim, what I know where to research more about these these these kind of majors like chart in some places are like a library, are there are there, kind of, you know, places where I would actually be able to study.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: So, I mean, your experience of chart and was not
Timothy Sackton: You know, you're, you're sort of experience of Charleston is one where you are kind of excluded from the
Timothy Sackton: Places of learning.
Timothy Sackton: You know your old master would potentially
Timothy Sackton: No, no, at least where to start looking. I'm
David Kong: Doing their name sounds familiar, how the awry, like I've had, I had, I heard of any of these people before
Timothy Sackton: You would have heard ledge. I mean, you know, there. There's definitely stories. Right. You know, people tell stories about. I mean, you would have heard of of certainly
Timothy Sackton: Maybe not the Traveler, but certainly Ryan How there.
Timothy Sackton: Um, it's definitely you know the the Great War. It was only a few hundred years ago. So it's not like this is like deep in the ancient path. Of course, there was a huge amount of destruction and upheaval, so
Timothy Sackton: Lots of people don't have a good sense of what's true history and what's it
Timothy Sackton: But I mean, how they lived in in Charleston. Right.
Timothy Sackton: You know, right, obviously pass through many places like these wouldn't be, you would know that those are real, you know, you would know these are real people. Nobody doubts that they're real people. It's just, you know, what's there. What's their actual accomplishments has, you know,
Timothy Sackton: All sorts of things have been added to their
Timothy Sackton: Legends over time.
David Kong: I guess I guess based on this information, intuitively, for me, where would I
David Kong: Go to learn more like what I want to eat. I like an aromatic because I'm trying to find conducive to learn more about the the the the mystics are the occult connected to his particular you know
Timothy Sackton: Right, so, so the
Timothy Sackton: The shark. Cool.
Timothy Sackton: Mysteries. Are you know show Kuhn is the goddess of magic and prophecy
Timothy Sackton: But they have been in disarray for the past couple of
Timothy Sackton: past month or two right as play quickie was saying at the end of last session when Kendra's it was talking that you know there's somehow the power of Chicago, and that had protected the borders with these illusions was gone and that cocoon was not
Timothy Sackton: They couldn't speak to recruit anymore. And so, um, it seems like
Timothy Sackton: You know this staff is clearly one of the, you know, major rally extra ability to
Timothy Sackton: To transition into the dream world is a key part of the sort of magical prophecy that's associated with
Timothy Sackton: shaku and but at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: What it means is a little bit
Timothy Sackton: Outside of what they are.
Timothy Sackton: Or distracted.
David Kong: Or their legends of rye having a jade are
Timothy Sackton: You. Yeah, you probably would have heard some legend about that.
Timothy Sackton: And seeing the
Timothy Sackton: Connection. I mean, seeing how your piece fit into this hand, you might Kenzo might start to sort of speculate that somehow this is connected but
Timothy Sackton: But of course, again, it's one of those things where
Timothy Sackton: I mean, why wasn't super open about the fact that he was turning to stone and
Timothy Sackton: You know, these legends just accumulate and so it's sort of a little hard to know.
Okay.
David Kong: Okay, I'm to be mindful of time.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, cuz you also are level three. Now, so
David Kong: That's exciting.
David Kong: So,
David Kong: You know, Kendra. So I thank you for
David Kong: For opening this portal for me I something has happened and I need to understand who the man was and
David Kong: What this order is
David Kong: I came here for answers, but it seems I only have more questions now.
David Kong: Let's
David Kong: I have sold to learn from you. Will you be will you still you mentioned you're you're headed on a retreat. When will you return
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I'm only only a day I'm I just am you know the situation.
Timothy Sackton: In Kerala. Right now I am
Timothy Sackton: You know, as I told you last night, I am
Timothy Sackton: I am afraid I am concerned, there's scouts riding.
Timothy Sackton: In fact, I saw your friend well being. I left the letter for all of you with him. I'm not sure what he was doing out so early in the morning, um,
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: And then it'll be
Timothy Sackton: Scouts will be back in a few days and
Timothy Sackton: I hope
Timothy Sackton: When they return I we may we will have a council and I hope you will join us and
David Kong: Of course, of course.
Timothy Sackton: More, more can be said then of the dangers and troubles of terroir as to these greater mystery is these questions about
Timothy Sackton: Your dreams and this Jade and how it connects I see somehow perhaps your Kuhn is
Timothy Sackton: tied in with these but
Timothy Sackton: At the moment,
Timothy Sackton: I guess I am not sure how to help you.
David Kong: Are you returning to town. Now,
Timothy Sackton: I am returning to town. Now,
David Kong: Can you inform my companions that I'm that I'm here, I'm going to linger here and spend some more time in meditation reflecting on what's occurred.
I well
David Kong: Honey,
David Kong: I'm just gonna hang out here and meditate. And so somebody
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, guys. I'm gonna
Timothy Sackton: Hop on a quick breakout room for a minute. So I can, yeah.
David Kong: Good Friday.
Timothy Sackton: Now when you wait. Yeah, got it. Um,
David Kong: Hey, hey, and like
David Kong: I'll be here. I'm just trying to neg
OK.
OK, let's
Timothy Sackton: Are you doing
Mike Sackton: Good.
Mike Sackton: Take it.
Timothy Sackton: Still nice
Mike Sackton: When you guys come back.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly who knows when
Timothy Sackton: I mean, next week sometime. But we're not we're not entirely sure I may come back on Thursday, and the kids and keep my come back a week from tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: I would drive that we forgot to bring Isaac's bike rack, we forgot to bring our bike rack back
Timothy Sackton: And so we have no way of getting Isaac's bike home from
Nantucket.
Timothy Sackton: We're like cooking up schemes, right.
Mike Sackton: Is cases, take the whole week off.
Mike Sackton: Know, next week or moment over just happy with.
Timothy Sackton: What I mean
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we'll forget to kind of just like
Whatever.
Timothy Sackton: Should be there.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So just to recap last time you had returned from
Timothy Sackton: You add you spent some time in the ruins of the for exploring a bit and then you've returned spoke to several people including Ingram and Josue the
Timothy Sackton: Smith and elder Kesa the sort of Mayor of town. And then eventually to Kendra. So who was sort of a mix of nervous and scared and concerned and uncertain, but kind of seemed just daddy himself at the end and was grateful.
Timothy Sackton: For your help. And then you return to the end, having told Josue that you are gonna come by his, his shop in the morning to look at these silver Spirit points that have been left by the statue. The now statue of Marcus.
Timothy Sackton: And otherwise, I had no specific plans is now about a week until the Festival of rebirth. As you awake and sort of gather in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: You can tell you can hear that the sounds of the market and the sort of sounds of the pre festival fair starting up carry from across the, across the village, which has now.
Timothy Sackton: swelled kinch
Timothy Sackton: Considerably, and it seems like you know today or in or in the next day or so, the market is going to get going in earnest and from everything you've heard there will be archery, and writing contests and horseback archery and games of chance and
Timothy Sackton: XP writing, which is, you know, the one everybody's looking forward to the most
Timothy Sackton: And so as you gather
Timothy Sackton: At breakfast perusing the letter from kind of dress.
Timothy Sackton: We open
Timothy Sackton: Our session. And again, Kenza was not there.
Mike Sackton: We did he come back with us last night.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonder where Kansas. Anybody know what he's up to.
Mike Sackton: Know,
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: It is sort of just getting up in the morning he tends not to do the early shift.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is there somebody else.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's a there's a
Timothy Sackton: Just like you know the morning person, whoever that is
Mike Sackton: I'll just ask that person if they saw Kenza we've this morning.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: Not since I got here a little after
Timothy Sackton: You know, shortly after dawn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hope is all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looks from the letter like we're supposed to stay here would, what do you folks think about that.
David Schwartz: Well, I definitely want to be here for the festival
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Schwartz: I don't like the implication that we ought to just remain here in definitely Tim, do we know when the Council meetings.
Timothy Sackton: At sound of the letter A FEW DAYS.
Timothy Sackton: They're expected back in a few days.
Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So he's really only asking you to stay here, not even until the festival just
Timothy Sackton: For like the next three days, basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, what do we know about the deity or what I know about the deity should Kuhn itself.
Timothy Sackton: So sure Kuhn is the goddess of
Timothy Sackton: Magic and prophecy
Timothy Sackton: She is regarded as a somewhat minor goddess in
Timothy Sackton: Denmark Pantheon, one of a handful of sort of Demi gods or, you know, other kind of minor gods who are not sort of part of the major
Timothy Sackton: Sort of
Timothy Sackton: Ceremony OF THE FIVE SIBLINGS that dominates Dunbar, a religion.
Timothy Sackton: You, I guess, make her make a religion check
Timothy Sackton: So, I mean, you've you've read a few books, you know, on
Timothy Sackton: The Dunbar, a miss Diane and Denmark religions and although she is technically the goddess of magic and and prophecy. It seems like what that actually translates to is largely dreams and kind of
Timothy Sackton: The ways in which, in which dreams and prophecy interact and the magic of sort of illusion and hiding and
Timothy Sackton: That sort of of
Timothy Sackton: Kind of
Timothy Sackton: You know, playing with people's perceptions of the world and things like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's this
Eric Rosenbaum: coupling between
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah dreams and illusion and check one is at the center of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the illusions protecting all have done more. Not just, I think I was under the impression at first that these this ring of illusion protecting something was around this oasis that we're in, but it's actually the whole country.
Timothy Sackton: So, you know, so if you look at if you look at the map.
Timothy Sackton: There's. So there's this river.
Timothy Sackton: And those this chain of mountains.
Timothy Sackton: Here.
Timothy Sackton: And this is a pretty well defended border and then this river is another border.
Timothy Sackton: And really the the down here is not really part of done more like here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, really align that sort of runs
Eric Rosenbaum: From
Eric Rosenbaum: From here to
Here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Didn't get that last one.
Timothy Sackton: This along this kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking
Timothy Sackton: From here to there.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of going
Timothy Sackton: Past the canyon. Right. And it's not clear that this, this part down here is much more badlands desert so it's not actually clear how
Timothy Sackton: How much the desert terrain verse the sort of illusion magic is relevant here. It's really most important from like here to here, right, this kind of so you don't really know, but certainly it's like this this border. That one's from here to here and then sort of peters out into the desert.
Mike Sackton: How I mean I sorry, go ahead.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say just looking at the map is there is like carwash mean are there. There's only there's bigger cities is tollcross sort of the main city of
Timothy Sackton: Topeka is probably the biggest city so Donmar sort of divided into
Timothy Sackton: Western done my which is actually Southern dogma, which is on the coastal side of the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: And is much, much more populated because it's
Timothy Sackton: fertile farmland, it's you know it's rivers and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: And Eastern tomorrow, which is sort of much more traditional right these are the people who still maintain the sort of horse Lord way of life.
Timothy Sackton: But, you know, west, east of this river, the river Hora there's very few there's not really cities.
Timothy Sackton: Was a handful of villages around oases and things like that toker is a substantial city on the river.
Timothy Sackton: This city which you don't know the name of as another relatively substantial city.
Timothy Sackton: And then, you know, going towards charge and there's more cities, there's more sort of settlements off in this direction. Probably the biggest city that the sort of big city in this area.
Timothy Sackton: Of Dunbar is Tokyo that's
Timothy Sackton: Probably the sort of major
City.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean out here. You're really kind of
David Schwartz: Words ravens hope.
Timothy Sackton: So you would have come, you would have you would have come across this down here and there's another path like here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as your
Timothy Sackton: Sort of talking
Timothy Sackton: In the morning I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I saw you sent that message in
Timothy Sackton: Chat. I'm
Timothy Sackton: A messenger comes in.
Timothy Sackton: And hands you a brief scrub note from Ken dresser that says
Timothy Sackton: Friends wine Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Wanted you to know that he is meditating.
Timothy Sackton: As the sun rises.
Timothy Sackton: And then, and gives you sort of directions to a sort of pathway up to the top of this red Mesa that overlooks the town.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know if he wishes to be disturbed and then Kendra is the scroll and the messenger kind of bows and then heads out
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
you're muted.
David Kong: Sorry, you can add to the message to that, you know, that basically you can come seek Me or I'll return in the afternoon.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that's part of the message.
David Schwartz: Let's go to the top.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Schwartz: As we go I'm going to ask
David Schwartz: What do you know about this magic holding
David Schwartz: Holding things that day to the east of a Reagan converses letter. Right. Something is
David Schwartz: Powerful enchantments a hold back something to the east of here.
Timothy Sackton: So this is what they told you about.
Timothy Sackton: At the end of last session that
Timothy Sackton: For a long time, that shaku in this guy went there, so
Timothy Sackton: That's sort of history and power of
Timothy Sackton: Magic had
Timothy Sackton: Protected the eastern frontier, but that this magic had seemed to failed.
Do I
Mike Sackton: Was this, this wasn't anything done with new about before.
Eric Rosenbaum: I had an inkling of this but I forget why
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe let's do information anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: I had a dream about it and
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought, well, we I find this whole situation very interesting because of the relationship between the goddess chicken and
Eric Rosenbaum: The plane of dreams. The dream world.
Eric Rosenbaum: When I came here in the first place was to seek out this Lucas this intersection between
Eric Rosenbaum: The dream world. The world we're in. And maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: The plane to magic as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: This mystery cult. They might have some answers about how it's all connected. They might not
Eric Rosenbaum: Does seem like she coolness either
Eric Rosenbaum: under attack or gone missing. Or maybe we can somehow, but we don't know.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'd love to investigate further. It may require
Eric Rosenbaum: Making contact through the planetariums itself.
David Kong: You guys should have this conversation with me after you find me on the mesa
Eric Rosenbaum: Crossing over the
Timothy Sackton: Top of this now it's you know it's it's probably
Timothy Sackton: You know a little bit after.
Timothy Sackton: after sunrise now like sort of nine ish or something like that. So it's starting to get hot. But you see, as you sort of cross the summit of this message you see this expansive view out over the desert, and you see Kenzo sitting on the edge of the of the mesa in meditation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this
David Kong: Precisely the view that Tim has
Right there except the sun.
The sun higher on the side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this the structure that the temple that we're in is carved into
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yes.
David Kong: We're all I didn't realize that. Oh, that's cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I determine anything about the geology of this structures like
Eric Rosenbaum: Natural geological origin.
Timothy Sackton: The Mesa itself is definitely natural, although, as you noted
Timothy Sackton: In our first session, the
Timothy Sackton: Erosion
Timothy Sackton: Of the temple seem to suggest that it is carved it is older than the mesa itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I forgot about that. That doesn't make any sense at all.
Timothy Sackton: Now it makes no sense.
Mike Sackton: The Mesa grew up around the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Or something like that.
Mike Sackton: That makes no sense. Yeah, okay, well,
Um,
Timothy Sackton: But it looks very natural. It's a, it's a big made side the right kind of stone to be for the area around it to be eroded away by wind and water and it to remain
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't seem strangely unnatural.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this odd fact returns to my mind as we Chris the top of the mission, what
Eric Rosenbaum: Could that possibly be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is Kenzo like deep in a semi conscious fugue state or
David Kong: Are you guys like being extra Kreider you're just like walking
David Kong: There's like walking on where
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm like speculating allowed about
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah yeah yeah
David Kong: Then, then as as you kind of get closer, you know, Kenzo Kansas or just, you know, turns around and sees you, and kind of gets up gets up out of his out of his meditation and smiles and
David Kong: Good to see you, friends.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good morning.
Mike Sackton: Good morning. Morning.
David Kong: Oh, what a night last night that was
David Kong: I have some memories well be a strong exit you
With that happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was
David Schwartz: Yes, indeed.
David Kong: Yeah. What did what an evening I I kind of barely remember. I mean, I have
David Kong: I feel pretty embarrassed. I think when I, when we were with Kendra. So I think I was I was, I was pretty drunk.
David Kong: I hope I didn't embarrass myself too much with you all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Based on dresses letter, it seems like he felt he was the one who made the whole thing. Awkward.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's no way to make amends.
David Kong: What letter
David Schwartz: Is the letter, over to you.
David Kong: What, what's the letter say sorry I didn't actually
Mike Sackton: I didn't
Eric Rosenbaum: hadn't seen it.
Summary
David Kong: Notes
Mike Sackton: 10 drops of wishes us to stay in town for a few days until some scouts return, who are investigating the disappearance of the magical protection.
David Kong: So friends, I have to say this, this the past
David Kong: 12 hours have been
David Kong: Been bizarre and maybe enlightening as well. Early this morning can dress.
David Kong: woke me and brought me to this spot and
David Kong: It's hard for me to describe exactly what happened. But he
David Kong: You know, the staff that he carries
David Kong: That staff, the symbol on that on his staff, I think is, is
David Kong: It's identical, right, Tim, to the seal on the letter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, let's have a look at that.
David Kong: It's identical to the seal and
David Kong: I'm just opening up the letter to look at it again and
David Kong: The staff, he carries, I think there's an artifact that chicken that enables
David Kong: It's, it's incredible. It enables enables
David Kong: A path that connection to the dream world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really
David Kong: Yes, yes, and
David Kong: The alpha and I didn't have been speaking about dreams. I've had many strange dreams since before I came here places I've seen
David Kong: That I feel like I've been to, but I know I actually haven't
David Kong: And 10 Rossa shared with me that he's been he's had strange dreams himself that have somehow involved me
David Kong: And he offered to
David Kong: Using using the staff for me to explore my presence in the dream world and
Eric Rosenbaum: I think, as you know, part of my part of my
David Kong: Reason for being here is to try to understand more of the mystics cocoon. So of course I said yes, it was a little I, you know, frankly, I'm not much to totally trust you know strange men with staffs when they offer me to do something, but
David Kong: I took the plunge.
David Kong: And
David Kong: It's, again, hard to describe what I observed and felt, but I was able to touch. I think this other plane of existence that I've never before experienced that I think
David Kong: Has some connection and relationship to the dreams that I've been seeing and experiencing and, you know, I've told I've told the elf.
David Kong: in greater detail some of the
David Kong: Some of what I've experienced in the past but
David Kong: What was strange was I encountered demand there. I've never seen him before, but a man robed with a staff.
David Kong: Who told me to seek the order of the awakens the
David Kong: Console.
David Kong: And the order of the Awakened Soul.
David Kong: Have any be heard this.
Mike Sackton: For them.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: No, none of you. Well, let's
Eric Rosenbaum: See a weekend so
Timothy Sackton: Making our check if you're proficient in our economy.
David Kong: Don't
Timothy Sackton: Know, or, you know,
David Kong: Seeker oh no that's religion. That's what last
Timothy Sackton: Year, you've maybe heard some
Timothy Sackton: You know, some rumors of, you know, people
Timothy Sackton: Oh, there's legends of the Awakened Soul they roam the desert. But other than that, nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Timothy Sackton: Since you dealt with since you got to Cairo, there's no connection to anything from your past.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. The, the Awakened Soul is awakened from
Eric Rosenbaum: Asleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it awakened from death.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or awakened to a life in the dream world from this one. What could this mean
Eric Rosenbaum: Or awaken tell him.
David Kong: All I know is that
David Kong: Somehow, I'm, I'm tied to them. I don't know if we all are, but I know that I'm tied in them somehow.
David Kong: But this connection. There's something about this place and what you were speaking of this of the protection that she couldn't provides to the land.
David Kong: Something is disturbed here.
David Kong: Congrats. Congrats. I don't, I'm not sure if he shared with a super this with you this, you mentioned that there would be a council meeting soon. He's gone to meditate and secret retreat. But he'll be back.
David Kong: I feel like we need to learn more at this Council meeting of what's happened. I
David Kong: Truly, there's been a disturbance of some kind, but
David Kong: What it is, I don't know, and
David Kong: Honestly, I
David Kong: I came here looking for answers, but I feel like I only have more questions and 10 dresser and he has some power, but he's he's confused. I don't think he understands what's happening either
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim is the symbol, a ruin.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not a room, it's, it's like there's some way to determine that it is totally unrelated to renick magic.
Timothy Sackton: And yeah, it's, it's, it's just the holy symbol of show. Cool.
Um,
David Kong: If any of you traverse to the dream world for
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I've been there once.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was at
Eric Rosenbaum: The end.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of my
Eric Rosenbaum: Of my testing.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rite of passage that my people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Performs
Eric Rosenbaum: I may have mentioned this, or obliquely at some earlier point, but I had a very weird experience, to be perfectly honest added in a time and place. When my peers.
Eric Rosenbaum: going deep into the earth and find their true calling as mostly dwarf and builders.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would be seeing visions of
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, the beautiful stone structures, they were going to create I instead found myself floating in a strange story voids made up of points of light representing perhaps other people's minds.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was
David Kong: Sounds strange sounds familiar.
David Kong: That feels familiar to what I think what I experienced
Eric Rosenbaum: This kind of space or constellation of lights.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is something that I've, I've been wanting to to come back to and find and the one other thing that I
Eric Rosenbaum: I got an inkling of going down there was that it is
Eric Rosenbaum: In some strange sense not quite the same as pointing down to the earth. It is below us in the way that the plane of magic that animates the rooms that I create and other forms of magic that we use is above us.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could say that what that means. Precisely. I do not know, but these facts are the things that are motivating and I pull out my stack of
Eric Rosenbaum: Rolled up
Eric Rosenbaum: Detailed and strange swirly maps. This is what I'm looking for. That was the woman I called myself seekers to find
Eric Rosenbaum: The connection between these strange facts about how the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: fits together.
Mike Sackton: Doesn't
Mike Sackton: Sound like the place I was
No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where did you go
Mike Sackton: Wasn't a story void.
No.
More of
Mike Sackton: That why not check this only with Kensal, I guess.
Mike Sackton: For
Mike Sackton: Most of the last 200 years I was
Mike Sackton: Trapped in a gray re creation of one of the worst moments of the battle against Shimano
Eric Rosenbaum: I think you did mention something about that. But it was so weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: That it's worth maybe describing again.
Mike Sackton: I don't think it's the dream. It may have been the dream world.
Mike Sackton: But I had no way out and no real control over what was happening.
Mike Sackton: And no time seems to pass.
David Schwartz: You get in
Mike Sackton: Can do. I do. I know how I got it. I can't remember.
Timothy Sackton: You
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna have to work all about how please wait
Mike Sackton: Please, well I searched my memory.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: There was a
Mike Sackton: There was a battle.
Mike Sackton: In the closing days of the Great War.
Mike Sackton: Between
Mike Sackton: Company valves and a great horde of hop goblins and other creatures of darkness and
Mike Sackton: All died, except me just about in that battle and as
Mike Sackton: The war ended, and the sky was torn asunder and Shema was destroyed as I sort of way recovering, and soon after that it found a strange dark crown or dark circle it probably worn by the commander of
Mike Sackton: Forces, or maybe fallen off from one of the House on on
Mike Sackton: As part of the armies of good but touching it somehow brought me to this strange place.
David Kong: Is it similar to what the problem is worried
Mike Sackton: Tim, do I
Mike Sackton: know very much about what brought me there.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you have any details that would make sense based on your
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I know exactly
David Kong: Like that. The hobgoblin dude had that
Weird
David Kong: I wasn't also
That was
Mike Sackton: That was
Mike Sackton: That was like a holy symbol of Shimano
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the only thing
Eric Rosenbaum: It was
Timothy Sackton: I mean, what you do with would
Timothy Sackton: Have seen as
Timothy Sackton: You know, there was basically like a like a like a circle around the just what was it around.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, around the arm of a wizard.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it was around the office.
And
Timothy Sackton: You sort of went to go investigate it and see what it was. And as you touched it to remove the remove it from this dead wizards arm before you could really
Timothy Sackton: You know, see or examine that.
Timothy Sackton: You were pulled into later the chart of the only thing that you do recall it as it was, it was dark and solid like
Timothy Sackton: Made of some sort of metal or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: And wasn't like, you know, carefully Phil agreed silver right twisting designs or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did you then get back out.
Mike Sackton: I found
Eric Rosenbaum: And where did you land.
Mike Sackton: They near here just to the to the east and the badlands year some ancient ruins.
Mike Sackton: Large abandoned city.
Mike Sackton: Maybe a
Mike Sackton: Few days a week, sort of to the south east
Mike Sackton: Months.
Eric Rosenbaum: As you know, I'm very interested in sussing out the spatial relations of all these
Eric Rosenbaum: Parts of the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: If we've come to understand that the illusory boundary protecting this region.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is a long a roughly north south quarter.
Mike Sackton: I mean, could it have been around where the boundary was Tim
Timothy Sackton: It could have been. Wow.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, well, you
Timothy Sackton: Know,
Mike Sackton: I really doubt.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could have been
Timothy Sackton: East, it probably wasn't west. It was either near the boundary or
Mike Sackton: Just Justin, or just passed it.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But obviously, whatever magical boundary, it was, it didn't stop me from walking into the
Mike Sackton: Sure that happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, just a moment that
Eric Rosenbaum: As I've been exploring these
Eric Rosenbaum: Interrelated facts about the world, which are so hazy and difficult to make into concrete stable things. One thing that I've wondered about is whether
Eric Rosenbaum: There are places where the planes make contact with each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what the role is of those places, are they
Eric Rosenbaum: Like channels conduits, are they like fractures are fissures.
Eric Rosenbaum: That allow movement or access between one world and another at any rate, if that's the case, and there is this magical boundary of illusory protection that somehow related to the dream world. I wonder if
Eric Rosenbaum: The movement from one place to another could be related to that boundary as well and
Mike Sackton: Oddly, I moved quite a distance in this world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, where were you to start with.
Mike Sackton: Somewhere much further north
Mike Sackton: I mean, this would have been right 10am I not getting this, this would have been a battle and the
Mike Sackton: Battle of North somewhere.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, right. North. North of the
Mike Sackton: The, you know, many of the battles and the Great War were
Mike Sackton: Fought in the north, when
Mike Sackton: The for heroes wed armies against
Mike Sackton: Shema towards
Mike Sackton: Though it was
Mike Sackton: Many, many, many miles north of here, north of the north of China and North of the
Mike Sackton: Alvin forest where I grew up.
Eric Rosenbaum: North of the previous location of oelrich monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah
David Schwartz: Maybe not very
David Kong: Conducive staff this artifact it it somehow enables a connection to the dream world from this world in this plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mm hmm.
David Kong: Maybe you can travel there too. I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: It may be that this the temple here within this sense don't Mesa that we stand on has some special role in that connection as well.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I pull out my
Eric Rosenbaum: Window, the
Eric Rosenbaum: Deepest buried oldest, most tattered maps in my stack, which is where I try to track anything that I know about the dream world.
Eric Rosenbaum: doesn't have much abuse on it but I start sketching in some notes about this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should Kuhn illusion boundary. And then I asked you deal with to try to put your locations before and after on that as precisely as possible.
Mike Sackton: Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if this is the right approach.
Eric Rosenbaum: But yes.
David Kong: Senior I like these maps. You keep
David Kong: Will need these
There's something
David Kong: Something changing
Eric Rosenbaum: Something changing
Eric Rosenbaum: things are always changing.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's the question of how fast or how slow
David Kong: Something changing about
David Kong: About our interactions with these worlds.
David Kong: You seem worried the drug can dress a dress. He's
David Kong: He's very he's he's worried about something and I don't like that.
David Schwartz: troubles me about his letter he says he
David Schwartz: Prayed or commune with chicken and received no answer.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this is a
Timothy Sackton: Key told you this last night, a coon
Mike Sackton: He has missing.
Timothy Sackton: Is our least is not responding to
Timothy Sackton: Prayers in a way that a god. Typically, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Even sort of signs and
portents seem to be
Timothy Sackton: Gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: This might seem tangential, but I'm actually suddenly curious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking at that list of the five siblings.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we know anything about
Eric Rosenbaum: The Goddess of nature, the land animals and whether because
Eric Rosenbaum: Those things seem all to have been affected some In dramatic ways by the troubling events recently. And it seems, in particular that that one of the siblings, maybe has something to do with what's changing as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any of you guys know about to do.
David Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I don't know very much about the gods of
The South
David Kong: I know something's of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you would know.
So,
Timothy Sackton: I mean you had your sort of focus on study was in the Latin mysteries.
But
Timothy Sackton: You know that the gods are sort of
Timothy Sackton: The Denmark gods are represented as as basically siblings. Right. And so, um, so, so today is really the the you know the one who the the herders and the
Timothy Sackton: Shepherds and farmers in particular, it's sort of the
Timothy Sackton: The entity that protects that those, you know, traveling to the land, those who make their living from the land, those who
Timothy Sackton: You know, those who are
Timothy Sackton: You know, dependent on
Timothy Sackton: Not, not sort of growing things and seasons and
Timothy Sackton: Time, but dependent on the sort of
Timothy Sackton: natural order of the land.
To
Timothy Sackton: You know, to, to keep them safe as they travel and her her worship tends to be substantially less organized and central that many of the other ones right so G Bali has this big festival
Timothy Sackton: Lock the God of knowledge is is you know
Timothy Sackton: Associated with many monasteries, you know, many kind of organized places of learning.
Timothy Sackton: You know, our gear, as you saw in the fort is you know worshiped.
Timothy Sackton: Particularly by soldiers and
Timothy Sackton: Army is that those going into
Battle
Timothy Sackton: But
Eric Rosenbaum: But changes.
Timothy Sackton: You know, worship is
Timothy Sackton: Is more diffuse and more you know, the sort of thing where herders
Timothy Sackton: You know, hoping to keep their, their animals safe hoping for, for
Timothy Sackton: You know protection from beasts and things will offer a prayer to her and there isn't a lot of that you know about
Timothy Sackton: The sort of
Timothy Sackton: You know what kind of organized. You know what kind of
Timothy Sackton: I mean, that's the sort of general sense of of her as a goddess. I don't know if there's anything specific that you're
Timothy Sackton: Curious about you don't know a lot about like what that you know what priests or priestesses of Dr. Sort of what their deal is, I think, you wouldn't have necessarily met very many of them having this is Kenzo having sort of spend most of your time in cities and monasteries.
Eric Rosenbaum: Guess I'm speculating about is the question of whether something has changed there as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: In other words, given that we're seeing rifts in the earth animals gone insane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Those are the providence of to do
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Nothing. You've heard
David Kong: I glanced over at, well, the two
David Kong: Well be you were up early this morning.
David Kong: To weren't you
David Schwartz: I was, I have news also to share
David Schwartz: The half Lieutenant that we saw yesterday, the ones who
David Schwartz: Came south through the mountains Easter where I did.
David Schwartz: The hassling who was sick. The Heflin who was raving
David Schwartz: Learn more about what happened.
David Schwartz: Like stops near a place
David Schwartz: Called ravens
Eric Rosenbaum: hold an
David Schwartz: Old and abandon
David Schwartz: fortman Tim, correct me if I'm wrong.
Yeah.
David Schwartz: Built into the side of a
David Schwartz: Cliff on mountains, they're more or less straight north of where we are right now.
David Schwartz: They said that
David Schwartz: She went looking for a way to get
David Schwartz: Inside. He made it over and through the wall.
David Schwartz: Two fields.
Of
David Schwartz: monstrously twisted vines and plants and
David Schwartz: I'll describe them. Actually, can you describe the lesson.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So what Well besides is this
Timothy Sackton: You know what, what seemed like just kind of a thorny desert vine that type of thing that you would find growing somewhere that has little water and little resources, but
Timothy Sackton: Red and brews red and sort of purple like a breeze and losing this deep brad, brad blood red sap.
David Schwartz: It struck him and stuck into me managed to tear free and get away, but within a few days.
David Schwartz: He was starting to change to he was consumed between either ravenous hunger for raw flesh. I saw goats that he dismembered by hand.
David Schwartz: Or raving as he was when we went there about coming
David Schwartz: Master who would consume the world. Enjoy.
Mike Sackton: Or the me. I assume these are not things that this kind of plant is not something
Mike Sackton: That we would have ever heard of
Timothy Sackton: Now it's a I mean you would maybe have heard of the year. Are you proficient in nature.
Timothy Sackton: Yep, you would have heard of, I mean the description of this thorny desert plant is not a particularly rare plant, you probably see some, you know, pushes of this type, but what he is describing is not anything you've ever heard of before.
David Kong: This is
David Kong: None of this sounds very good
David Schwartz: The clip reminded me of the way the animals for change. He said inside Raven salty heard someone chanting he heard someone's voice someone testing.
David Schwartz: So there's something there.
David Kong: Can we talk about this hobgoblin to
David Kong: Who was he
David Kong: What what i mean there, there seems to be some kind of
David Kong: Some kind of disturbance that's that's connecting all of this somehow you know athletes going diseased and mad dark magic animals going mad.
David Kong: This
David Kong: This loss of protection of the
David Kong: cocoon here. It feels like all of this is a connected somehow
David Kong: Yeah, this this madness this madness from the animals is also connected to your, your, your kinsmen.
David Kong: Somehow
David Schwartz: I thought the same, I wonder, the same
David Kong: Kind of infection.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should ask around and see if anyone's seen evidence of this strange plant anywhere else around the area.
David Kong: Sorry schwarz-bart
David Kong: A plant say more about the plant. What was, what was the
David Kong: Relationship with the plant.
David Kong: And the other happening.
David Schwartz: He went in it grabbed him. I mean it it reared up in it it grabbed him, which is not
David Kong: Physically grabbed him.
Yeah.
David Schwartz: She tore free but a piece of it came with my side. They kept it in a glass jars dried out now, but
David Schwartz: It's not clear to me what
David Schwartz: Was it hearing the chanting, was it
David Schwartz: Something that the plant did to him.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm recalling now a lot was happening at the time, but in our
Eric Rosenbaum: encounter with that hobgoblin
Eric Rosenbaum: There were some effects on our minds, if I recall correctly.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: What exactly were they
Mike Sackton: I think it felt more white
Mike Sackton: It was a it was a
It was a
Eric Rosenbaum: bloodless
Eric Rosenbaum: This
David Kong: sounds the same. It sounds, whatever.
David Kong: It sounds like if we had not been able to
David Kong: to fend off that feeling ourselves.
David Kong: We may we may have been possessed by this
Mike Sackton: But a mask.
Mike Sackton: I don't know, to me it seems different the bloodlust felt
Mike Sackton: Undirected
Mike Sackton: It wasn't a. It wasn't a joy and death. Why
Mike Sackton: Wasn't like this. This poor halfway, whose
Mike Sackton: Whose thing. The master will come and
David Kong: What the hobgoblin spoke that way.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Mike Sackton: Now he was
David Kong: Or work or the voices in our head was what was it, what was the hobgoblin saying he wasn't our heads.
Timothy Sackton: That wasn't the hobgoblin that was when you
Timothy Sackton: When you, when you approached the
David Kong: Other staff.
Eric Rosenbaum: The staff.
Timothy Sackton: The obsidian crystal on the top of the
David Kong: Stack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: But when it was hot. It wasn't saying anything about bloodlust arrange it was saying.
Timothy Sackton: You know, grab me claim me and my power can be yours.
David Kong: Ok ok ok
David Schwartz: So the transformation of the plant seems similar in kind to the transformation of the animals, but the chanting seems different well and the the abandoned for just the same, though, between the two.
I was helping
Mike Sackton: Your Bible
David Schwartz: Says was a week north of here.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe I mean it took a caravan of happenings maybe 10 days, but of course they had
Timothy Sackton: Very high guns and
Timothy Sackton: You could probably do half that time. If you are traveling light and fast, maybe even last
David Schwartz: Couple days. Is it back again before the silver
David Kong: Yeah.
David Kong: How many days until the until the celebration.
Timothy Sackton: So it's
Timothy Sackton: I mean the celebration that so the festival starts with this big market that's like a regional market. Everybody comes. That's part of what the half links are here for us to sell their goods to the market.
Timothy Sackton: Games and competition and then it culminates with this religious festival that the market is already started sounded like was already starting this morning.
As
Timothy Sackton: The religious festival begins in some it's a 24 hour starts the on sundown, but the night before and it starts in a week.
David Kong: And when did
David Kong: Control said he was coming back.
Timothy Sackton: The scouts to be returning in a few days.
Mike Sackton: But he also asked us to stay until
Yeah.
David Kong: Now we need to stay for this.
David Kong: Council, I think we can learn more than
David Kong: Will be when are you are wondering, you are competing
Against your competition.
David Schwartz: I don't know if I know yet, when the
David Schwartz: Races or
Timothy Sackton: How you don't know exactly when the XP races are
Timothy Sackton: Generally speaking,
Timothy Sackton: You know, it would be, let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe three or four days until the writing contest tends to be towards the end of the festival. So the market will build there'll be like sort of gambling and archery, and
Timothy Sackton: Staff dancing competitions, where people fight with quarter steps on the balance beam.
Timothy Sackton: And then the writing contests and horseback archery sort of towards the end of the game.
Timothy Sackton: So maybe in what maybe in like four days.
David Kong: Will be
Timothy Sackton: Don't know exactly the date of XP. You haven't actually asked anybody. When's that you just been asking people how do you when you haven't actually bothered to ask them.
David Schwartz: Can Rosa has unsurprisingly, very little advice on how to write the next week.
David Kong: Well, the well.
David Kong: It feels like we need to wait until the
David Kong: For this council meeting and it feels like we should
Eric Rosenbaum: Just be
David Kong: Be mindful of what's going on in a town right now. It doesn't sound like they're their usual kind of sources of
David Kong: Action are
David Kong: Are there.
But
David Kong: Well be I am interested in supporting you in this XP.
David Kong: Competition if I can help. Throw exit you and help train you and I'm happy to do so, but
Eric Rosenbaum: I think perhaps we could create a kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: pit crew arrangements.
Eric Rosenbaum: And each support different aspects of the writing technology that's required.
David Kong: I support this, I support this, but friends I do say
David Kong: This this experience from this morning as
As
David Kong: I need to sit with this for a little bit and I think I need to have some training. I need to do. But I'm going to stay here and train for a bit, but well be.
David Kong: Keep me keep me up to date on your, your, your ride and if I can be of help. I'll call come join you all later. But I think I need to stay here.
David Kong: For a little while longer.
David Kong: Train actually where we should do something we're supposed to talk some then an artifact.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
The Smith.
Timothy Sackton: Smith, although
Timothy Sackton: I'm sure he'll still be around if you want to do that.
Timothy Sackton: Tomorrow is, I think, for simplicity, what
Timothy Sackton: What would be
Timothy Sackton: Good to do and
Timothy Sackton: You know, there's some number of days until the
Timothy Sackton: You know, until the
Timothy Sackton: Council, we don't need to, you know, go in strict linear order just, you know, let me know what stuff you want to do in town over the next like three days or so and then we can just hit the high at the
David Kong: Perfect.
Timothy Sackton: You know those things.
David Kong: So, Kenzo when we're not doing stuff is just going to hang out on this spot in the mesa and
David Kong: And train, her, her, her things I would probably be training on training about the upper right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong: So that's what I'll be doing in between whenever we're not doing stuff as a group.
David Schwartz: So will be will check in with the happening camping at least stores particular at least once a day just to
David Schwartz: touch base. But otherwise, I think he's going to post up here on the mesa just keeping an eye towards the horizon.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is
Mike Sackton: This half one getting worse.
David Schwartz: Slowly I think
Timothy Sackton: What
Timothy Sackton: Know what you what your friend told you was
Timothy Sackton: He hadn't gotten any worse in the past.
Three days.
Timothy Sackton: But whether that is
Timothy Sackton: Just flowing in the right or progression or stabilization is not yes
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
David Schwartz: I definitely want to. So whenever the XP Chris come definitely
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was wondering if you could rent and speak to practice with but then just thought
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna if we're gonna put money on this, um,
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: I've been gradually starting to sketch ideas for a
Eric Rosenbaum: Lightweight
Eric Rosenbaum: Sort of network made of
Eric Rosenbaum: Metal chain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Almost like a web
Eric Rosenbaum: That is designed for for to be stored compact Lee thrown you know 10 meters or something like that and it will
Eric Rosenbaum: Expand into a circular
Eric Rosenbaum: Net in flight.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm going to take my sketches over to the Smith.
Eric Rosenbaum: See what you can do.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, you want to
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, go ahead.
David Kong: I was gonna say it really good also I want to participate, whenever this whenever the quarter staff balancing tightrope condition thing is I didn't want to participate. I want to definitely want to participate in that one.
Timothy Sackton: Or
Two.
Eric Rosenbaum: Days based games of chance
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just keep an eye on them to see if they use stone dice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because I may have an
Eric Rosenbaum: Extra Special lucky streak with
Eric Rosenbaum: Certain day
Timothy Sackton: Um, so do you want to, you were at some point going to talk to the Smith.
Timothy Sackton: Yes artifact. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And do you want to do. I mean, is there anything you wants to do at the market or do you just want to
Timothy Sackton: Hit some games.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'd like to ask around town about this, like we haven't really gone down that much information about this guy, Ray.
arcas
Timothy Sackton: Talk to Josue about right.
David Kong: Oh, and we also should talk with the girl, the lady that
Timothy Sackton: Is one of the sketches out
scouting
Eric Rosenbaum: We gotta show
Timothy Sackton: She'll be back for the Council.
Timothy Sackton: Her and and the guy is
Timothy Sackton: The guy who
Timothy Sackton: Wrote through time and
Timothy Sackton: what looked like a warrior are the people who are out scouting
Mike Sackton: I just, I mean if we already exhausted the sources, fine, but like it would be I think it'd be worth spending a day trying to find out more information. But this guy turned into a statue, it's a bit weird.
David Kong: I like that too good plan.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: So why don't we, why don't we say, so this act, what, how about this afternoon. You, you hit up the Smith and then
Timothy Sackton: As you want to do that first. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Sounds good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so we'll say after lunch you you sort of head back.
Timothy Sackton: Towards Joshua's Jesse's shop.
Timothy Sackton: And he has been his waiting has been expecting you. So he's like a kind of older guy like happy, sad, sort of stereotypical SMITH, LOOK, um, he's working in his shop.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach. Many stops and he looks up and he sort of puts his he's making some some arrows at the moment and he he puts them away and says, Oh, welcome back.
Timothy Sackton: You were you wanted to see
Timothy Sackton: The silver spears, yes.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. And here, anything you could share about a man who brought them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, okay. So he rummages around a little bit and
Timothy Sackton: digs out from his shop. These two they look sort of odd because their spirit points, but they're unhappy. And so it's like a regular spirit point, but then it has a long metal
Timothy Sackton: Like piece that goes down that you would normally have into a piece of wood and then the
Timothy Sackton: Point itself and it seems like the
Timothy Sackton: The point itself is sobered um so it's like a normal steel or iron spearhead but it's been coded in, um, it's been sort of covered in silver, and, um, you can see that there's some faint.
Timothy Sackton: Symbols or some kind of markings act on them. And he says, Let me know if you can make heads or tails. It is. It's, it's, it's the oddest thing I I was trying to
Timothy Sackton: Forge them and and and RE. RE fortune and sharpen the points and
Timothy Sackton: No matter what I do, I, I can't seem to
Timothy Sackton: To heat them up and I can't seem to to work the metal
Timothy Sackton: Or strangely
Timothy Sackton: I don't know, given their age.
Timothy Sackton: I was not expecting them to still be sharp, but he like pricks one. It was like a little drop of blood, see for yourself.
Mike Sackton: And did I miss it, or what. What did he asked
Mike Sackton: The guy to do with them.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, our guests wanted them re half did
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So made back into spears.
Mike Sackton: Right, right.
Timothy Sackton: And he archives, but not did not say exactly where he found them, but the implication was Josue at fault. The implication was west of here, but he didn't really know
David Kong: He was
David Kong: The guy that got turned to stone.
Mike Sackton: Yep, exactly.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: Who is the guy who was like tracking down the source of the me he was turned to still a very spacious place.
Mike Sackton: I want to know if he's trying to stop it or trying to steal it.
David Kong: He somehow connected charted
David Kong: From chart in this guy.
Timothy Sackton: He had at least passed through charted yeah
David Kong: Any other donors Coleman's yes
Timothy Sackton: Whether he was from. They're not as is a bit hard to know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I
Eric Rosenbaum: Have a closer look at one of those PowerPoints.
Timothy Sackton: Sure he hands it over.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I tell
Eric Rosenbaum: Just
Timothy Sackton: Making our content check
Eric Rosenbaum: Our kind of check
Timothy Sackton: So what are you trying to tell like where
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, yeah, anything that I could determine from a closer look at it, but
Eric Rosenbaum: What I was thinking about was its
Eric Rosenbaum: Material properties but
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that
Timothy Sackton: I mean, yes, it's, it's, that's there's nothing particularly interesting there it's um
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: It's a norm. So I mean, people make silvered weapons because supposedly they're better against
Timothy Sackton: Them dad.
Timothy Sackton: And certain other creatures and so
Timothy Sackton: That doesn't
Timothy Sackton: That seems a little unusual but
Not
Timothy Sackton: Something you'd have, you know, totally out of the ordinary.
Timothy Sackton: The runes strike you as
Timothy Sackton: You know, hinting at, you know, somehow that these these these beers were
Timothy Sackton: You know, used in in there's like some there definitely seems to be some connection to undead here particularly not that these were
Timothy Sackton: Created for use by on dead, but for penetrating the defenses of undead something about the runes and the way that the silver ring and everything suggests that
Timothy Sackton: That sort of that direction.
Mike Sackton: Are they I'm at if we have time, I'm going to take the time to use a site. And what are they
Timothy Sackton: They are magic.
Mike Sackton: What kind of magic.
Timothy Sackton: That isn't good question.
Timothy Sackton: I guess it would be
Timothy Sackton: I guess I'd be application.
David Kong: User spear points.
David Kong: Yeah. Anybody not a fight with the spear.
Timothy Sackton: I stick. I mean,
David Kong: The end of the quarter. Stop. Can I use it like
Timothy Sackton: Wow.
Timothy Sackton: What that what the Smith was trying to do was to turn them back into
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: But he hasn't succeeded. Great.
Timothy Sackton: But he hasn't succeeded. There's something about
Timothy Sackton: You know about the way that they're
Timothy Sackton: Enchanted or something that makes them difficult for just a sort of normal Smith, with no magic to actually work.
David Kong: So, but the currently arrow points.
Timothy Sackton: There, while they're like a spear point like the size of the spear, and then there's like a metal
Timothy Sackton: The metal matter.
Timothy Sackton: What she was trying to Reforged the metal shafts, so that he could stick them into a you know a sphere and then have them, but he could not Reforged
Timothy Sackton: The metal piece that you would use to fasten the point to the one
David Kong: God needs to be some cool arrows for well
Mike Sackton: I mean, they're more like spear points than arrows. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. They are literally spearpoint
Mike Sackton: So, there
Eric Rosenbaum: Are two big
Eric Rosenbaum: Big
Eric Rosenbaum: To use for an arrow, you
David Kong: Can if I step one of these and I mean I don't have a magic.
David Kong: Staff writers have like a random quarters, but like what I would not a fight with it if I if I like jammed into the top of my staff something
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: You can't really. I mean, you could like
Timothy Sackton: You could tie it to your staff. But as soon as you made one attack with it. It's very unlikely that it would
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Right. That's how that's why it needs to be actually half that
Eric Rosenbaum: Onto a
David Kong: Right, right.
Timothy Sackton: But the metal pieces that
Timothy Sackton: would connect it to the spear are not in good shape. And so he was trying to reform them. Got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are these, like, Great War era.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Timothy Sackton: So inclined to just hand them over to
Mike Sackton: Him. I'm sending you take your question.
Mike Sackton: I'm so
David Kong: Sorry.
Mike Sackton: As you said, they are great where
David Kong: Have you had that same cost.
Eric Rosenbaum: High School.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty much, yes.
Is it
David Kong: It's it's related to your
Eric Rosenbaum: Asthma
Eric Rosenbaum: It's triggered by mine, but yeah.
Mike Sackton: I didn't get as but Tim
Mike Sackton: Tim got it. He just
Mike Sackton: Took it all to himself.
Timothy Sackton: We did a science project and 12th.
Timothy Sackton: Grade measuring the impact of asthma on
Timothy Sackton: Running using a
Timothy Sackton: Genetically controls pair of individual
Mike Sackton: I don't remember.
Timothy Sackton: It was totally ridiculous experiment because of course it was.
Mike Sackton: completely uncontrolled right
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, genetically identical
Mike Sackton: I'll be right back. As
David Schwartz: Well, would you let those point go for any
Price.
Yeah, he
David Kong: Might have to win some money in that XP XP grace.
Movie.
David Schwartz: Or not someone a tightrope with a stick.
David Kong: Yeah, that's it. We'll see.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll
David Kong: Definitely see hey at Tim, what are
Eric Rosenbaum: The stakes for that for both of
David Kong: These
David Schwartz: Both of these competitions.
David Kong: Right, we're
David Kong: Talking to your free when
Timothy Sackton: If you are, you know, so usually they would have
Timothy Sackton: An entry fee and then the top competitor, you know, the top three
Timothy Sackton: Split the first one gets half and then the next few who plays get smaller shares of the winnings, but the but the entry fee is not large. And usually there's a lot of competitors, so
Timothy Sackton: You know, talking about
You know,
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: A handful of silver to enter and something like 50 gold. If you win.
David Kong: Which which competition is more lucrative the I'm guessing the XP.
Timothy Sackton: One I feels like a property, buddy.
Timothy Sackton: At just the XP contest.
Timothy Sackton: That is definitely the most
Timothy Sackton: Lucrative one
David Kong: So the court so so if but it's still the kind of top three for for both of these competitions.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Top five would get some amount of back really the top
Timothy Sackton: The winner. And then the second to
Eric Rosenbaum: Get back
Timothy Sackton: A decent amount. And then fourth and fifth get back, you know, a small return on their investment but not a lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a thing where like previous years XP winners come with like an entourage and like branded year and you know like flags and
David Schwartz: Stuff so
Eric Rosenbaum: Really you
Timothy Sackton: Know that's that's the one that you know the commoners enter as a joke.
Timothy Sackton: Na na are horseback archery, though, is a big
Timothy Sackton: Deal people
Eric Rosenbaum: Who are
Timothy Sackton: Who, when the horseback arch. That's sort of a highest status competition is course nurturing
Eric Rosenbaum: Because like family rivalries and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, well there's yeah I mean there's definitely
Eric Rosenbaum: Like
Timothy Sackton: You know, people
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Timothy Sackton: You know, people who
Timothy Sackton: Are
Timothy Sackton: make a big deal of their prowess in that and success in that competition.
David Kong: Well, the
David Kong: friendly wager on how well you do in yak speak for just how while I do in the
David Kong: Quarter staff competition.
David Schwartz: All right, I'll take you up on that.
All right.
David Kong: What are we talking here. What's the later.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you
Timothy Sackton: Is there anything. I mean, you want to talk to Josue anymore, are you
Eric Rosenbaum: I am
David Schwartz: Well, pretty much.
David Kong: All the distracted. I bring out my my
Eric Rosenbaum: My design sketches and ask if you can make something for me at a chain.
Timothy Sackton: He looks at that ah
Timothy Sackton: Interesting.
Timothy Sackton: I could probably make something like this.
Timothy Sackton: It might be a little tricky to get the balance, such that would be
Timothy Sackton: throw a ball if that's
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, what you're intending
Eric Rosenbaum: It is. It is. It's
Timothy Sackton: I ok I guess the question is, are any of
Timothy Sackton: His anybody proficient in
Timothy Sackton: That's
Timothy Sackton: Cuz bots are definitely not
Timothy Sackton: That's wouldn't be something that would. I mean, this would be
Timothy Sackton: I guess down with probably is because you
Eric Rosenbaum: Have a weapons. Right.
Mike Sackton: Marshall weapons so yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So this would be a Marshal weapon for sure.
David Kong: But can't secret train and then did all proficiency in nuts.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you could
Eric Rosenbaum: Lay read a buyer.
Timothy Sackton: A fair bit
Eric Rosenbaum: Of time for training now.
Timothy Sackton: When he looks at, he says, like, I could try something like this. But again, I like it might be tricky to get with all this metal might be tricky to get balanced.
Eric Rosenbaum: How much do you think it would cost.
Also, do I have any ma
Timothy Sackton: You don't really have much money. I mean, you have some money. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like you had
Timothy Sackton: You know you have enough to
David Kong: didn't, didn't we find all the treasure and stuff like a bunch of like items and things
Timothy Sackton: That give that all to
Timothy Sackton: Back to the temple.
Mike Sackton: Because I think we didn't
Mike Sackton: Sell it. I think we just, you know,
David Kong: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You're just holding on to
Timothy Sackton: Giving it back to
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I would say would be like five
Timothy Sackton: Gold, you probably i'm sure you
Eric Rosenbaum: Have five
Timothy Sackton: But
Eric Rosenbaum: You probably let's say
Timothy Sackton: You have 10 goals.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you willing to do a payment on delivery.
Timothy Sackton: Half and half up front.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or what about payment and delivery.
Timothy Sackton: We're standing here talking about an individual who you found turn to stone traveling
Timothy Sackton: Off.
Timothy Sackton: God knows why.
Eric Rosenbaum: To God knows where
Timothy Sackton: Who left me.
To
Timothy Sackton: Honestly, slightly puzzling items payment on delivery for me to turn them into
Eric Rosenbaum: Spears.
Timothy Sackton: What did I get bad
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks. I see it is it is a problem. So,
Eric Rosenbaum: We have
David Schwartz: A payment and delivery.
David Kong: There's 30 precedent.
Yeah.
David Kong: We did save the town. I mean just matter.
Where
Timothy Sackton: You are here as
Timothy Sackton: MUCH FOOD AND AND HE SAYS IT MAY NOT BE DONE UNTIL THE festivals that okay
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's fine. Yeah. For good quality craftsmanship. I appreciate that it takes time. I'm a CrossFit myself, as you know,
Timothy Sackton: And then he says, wow.
Timothy Sackton: Make a Persuasion check
Mike Sackton: I want to know what the deal with
Mike Sackton: Marcus was like, did he do
Timothy Sackton: So,
David Kong: busy trying to like
David Kong: Like the quarter staff competitions and making that student
David Kong: unraveled
Mike Sackton: 25 he's gonna do it for free.
I know
He's like
Timothy Sackton: Sure for for for one of the saviors of Kara.
David Kong: Payment on to heroes. And heroes. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And I'll give you 20% off.
Timothy Sackton: For gold.
Timothy Sackton: On the morning of the festival
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm eternally grateful.
David Schwartz: We live that long.
Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: So what else did you want to now.
Mike Sackton: I was like,
Mike Sackton: Did arcas like
Mike Sackton: X. Did he like drop these often is it was He like
Mike Sackton: I'll be back in a month, or was it like we see around town.
Timothy Sackton: When you talk to Justin, the last time he was
Timothy Sackton: Puzzled as I mean he
Timothy Sackton: It was clear that he had expected harkens back several weeks ago.
Timothy Sackton: The implication from
Eric Rosenbaum: Of
Timothy Sackton: You know that that artists had had told him, was he would be back in a week or two at most.
Mike Sackton: Okay, but our kids drop these things off and then went off.
Timothy Sackton: And then went off to the east, saying, he'd be back in a week or two.
Mike Sackton: But wasn't like
Timothy Sackton: never returned. Right.
Mike Sackton: It wasn't like he was unexpected. We're
Mike Sackton: With exactly expecting to need these
Mike Sackton: Things to go kill whatever he was
Timothy Sackton: Now he wanted that
Timothy Sackton: Ready when he returned in a week or two.
Mike Sackton: Did he have any other way. I mean, I don't know if Jesse remembers, but do you have any other unusual items on him.
Mike Sackton: Anything he would have no
Timothy Sackton: Problem ponders for a minute. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: He seems
Timothy Sackton: And he he sort of nods over towards while but he you know he reminded me of, of, of you a little
Timothy Sackton: While he, he, you know, he was, he carried a fair amount of stuff like he was prepared for a journey, um,
Timothy Sackton: You know, even just kind of walking around town. He had this sort of error about him. Like you could turn and leave and head off into the wilderness in any moment.
Timothy Sackton: But no, nothing.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing unusual. No, no artifacts or anything else besides
Timothy Sackton: The spear.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Marcus.
Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I don't know. He seemed quite interested in in artifacts and he was I did tell him to speak to a lash
Timothy Sackton: As you may have heard you know the one who
Timothy Sackton: Is really you know of the Carolyn's you know she's the one who spends all her time riding along the
Timothy Sackton: Roads and looking for ancient treasures.
David Kong: She was the one that we want, because basically, we had already asked before, right occur. I'm like, Who else knew anything about our guests. And what's this, it's the Smith and then all flash light goes on and you
David Kong: Know we needed to wait for a less to get back to learn more about our guests.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think
So, yes.
Mike Sackton: But since we have some time. I'm just gonna
Mike Sackton: spend a day asking around town.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: There must be a little bit. You guys, prepare, I mean,
Mike Sackton: Like if he
Mike Sackton: I mean if nobody's heard of him, presumably he didn't make much of an impression and he was only here briefly right if it's here by a few weeks. Somebody should have
Timothy Sackton: Right. Wow, he told you he only stayed for a few days, you already
Mike Sackton: Know, okay.
Mike Sackton: Well, anyway, it's worth poking around me. I'm less interested in in the X beat the competition, although I will, I will come out and watch
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: The preparations. I don't know. Just seems it seems a little
Mike Sackton: Young
Mike Sackton: He's like a game of humans here.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would be really unfortunate if all these competitors XP were to just suddenly encounter some rough terrain unexpectedly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Happened and
She
Timothy Sackton: Cheat the town's cheating.
Eric Rosenbaum: Terrain can be rough.
Timothy Sackton: Sounds
David Schwartz: Very unfortunate if the competitor sudden had an arrow through is
Eric Rosenbaum: It could affect the outcome. It's true.
Timothy Sackton: So as you
Timothy Sackton: You know, sort of,
Timothy Sackton: Spend over the next day or so, you know, asking around
Timothy Sackton: Figuring out news of the when the competitions that you're interested in, will happen.
Timothy Sackton: You know, things like this.
Timothy Sackton: After you know the next morning that the day after this one as you are gathering for breakfast, sort of set out on your various goals and missions.
Timothy Sackton: And if you know maybe you slept in a little it's kind of later morning it Chrome comes over.
Timothy Sackton: And and says,
Timothy Sackton: Friends.
Timothy Sackton: Good to see you all.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: Will be interested or surprised to hear this. Perhaps not.
Timothy Sackton: But news of your deeds has spread through town. Many people are grateful.
Timothy Sackton: And over most of yesterday and again sometime this morning, number of folks have common left gifts for
You
Timothy Sackton: Various
Timothy Sackton: Pieces of Silver and and trade goods.
Eric Rosenbaum: And just
Timothy Sackton: A sign from the town from the people of the town.
Timothy Sackton: How much we appreciate what you have done for us.
Timothy Sackton: And he sort of brings over a bunch of stuff, which, which amounts to about 50 gold each of you know silver and trade goods and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: And which you may as well just add your character sheet in case you decide you want to buy anything at the festival. I'm
Moist.
David Kong: And then he turns to gold. How do we, how do we so cool.
Mike Sackton: There's a little
Click on
Timothy Sackton: And then just add it
Timothy Sackton: Change.
Timothy Sackton: Golders a 75
David Schwartz: The top right and
Timothy Sackton: Click on equipment.
Timothy Sackton: For those currency.
Timothy Sackton: I'm gonna say 7550
David Kong: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Um, any chance, do you seek or any any any says there was also this and he hands you a book.
Timothy Sackton: A large book.
Timothy Sackton: The cover itself is only it's like inlaid with
Timothy Sackton: Thin probably enchanted pieces of granite and there's carved in the
Timothy Sackton: Front of the room. Front of the of the book endorphin ruins the title that says the ruins of creation.
Timothy Sackton: And he says, this one is a bit odd pages are blank, but maybe you'd be interested in it seeker.
Timothy Sackton: It was left here early this morning with a short note. See this gets to the heroes of Kerala, nothing more. I'm not sure who who dropped it off, but knowing your dwarf. And this is Dorfman even though it's blank. I thought maybe you'd like it for for notes or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonderful. Have a look. Thank you so much.
Mike Sackton: And he dropped it off.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: It was laughter the note.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do I do about this kind of thing.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you know, there are books of Durban lore.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of what you've learned about ruins you've learned from study
Timothy Sackton: The fact that this
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: Book exists is not
Timothy Sackton: A crumb style. It was blank. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The fact that it exists is not to unusual.
Timothy Sackton: Finding it and Caroline is maybe a bit surprising.
Eric Rosenbaum: Especially
Timothy Sackton: being handed to you but you know there's
Timothy Sackton: There are sort of work you know there's dwarves.
Timothy Sackton: That live in the mountains to the south of here and
Timothy Sackton: There's definitely Durban ruins and it looks old it could have been something that was sitting in somebody's attic for 50 years
Eric Rosenbaum: Mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard, you don't really know
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, I open
Eric Rosenbaum: To the first page just
Eric Rosenbaum: Standing room.
Here I'm sending you a message.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like Samuel L. Jackson opening anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, this I'm gonna have to
Eric Rosenbaum: Study the contents.
Okay. Your contents.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are
Timothy Sackton: So, um,
Let's
Timothy Sackton: So let's see down with you're good to go. Just like ask around town and see what you hear.
Timothy Sackton: About
Timothy Sackton: About what about
Wo
Timothy Sackton: RK s okay
Mike Sackton: That was Harry said that
Timothy Sackton: About our guests.
Mike Sackton: About our cast, but also just
Mike Sackton: If anybody
Mike Sackton: I'm kind of curious about. I kind of want to ask around
Mike Sackton: The festival folk to anybody who's coming from the east, you're like just rumors have they, you know,
Mike Sackton: Hey, we were at the go Matt oasis. It was pretty weird at there. What have you been kind of stuff.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and let's see Kansas gonna go find in a staff dancing competition.
David Kong: 10s of 10s of meditating training and yeah going to go fight, fight in the
Timothy Sackton: stalkers, you want to do do anything besides studying your book.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm pretty interested in selling the book, but I was it occurred to me, just to see if there's any way I can investigate the history of the
Eric Rosenbaum: physical temple structure. Um, one thing that I might do is see if there's a stonemason skilled or similar in town or just anybody that might know like the
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like the history of the building.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, okay. And while the you're gonna
Timothy Sackton: spend all your time concentrating on how to write an act speak.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly. Good friend.
David Kong: Or, you know, or surgery.
David Schwartz: With her regular it's during the horse archery club.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that was a regular archery.
Competitions in the regular
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So over the next like let's say three days. I'll just sort of hit the highlights to keep things moving. So
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let's see, first let's Eric. I'm going to send you a message.
Timothy Sackton: About your runes and then I'll come back to
Eric Rosenbaum: Networking.
Eric Rosenbaum: I open the book. And I'm like,
Exempt disappearing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, like glowing awesomely
David Kong: Oh yeah, that's why that is.
David Schwartz: Cool.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So Eric,
David Kong: You like the did you like the other thing I sent you on Instagram.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was super cool make music by tilting your head around and open your mouth.
David Kong: I sent Eric this like
David Kong: You know, some kind of filter or yeah we're like you, you make different noises, if you like, tilt your head or like like blink your eyes and it's like very like you have to like, you know, like, yeah, you can make beats by like
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
David Kong: It's pretty awesome.
Timothy Sackton: Let me know what I was gonna do hands. Oh yeah, with
Timothy Sackton: Does that sound good.
Mike Sackton: Perfect, yeah.
David Kong: All right, let's let's quarter staff dance.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
David Kong: You're on there to support me
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm there. But I have my nose in the book.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The way stop dancing works is that
Timothy Sackton: The competitors are
Timothy Sackton: Fighting on a balance beam and the first person who falls off the balance beam loses.
Timothy Sackton: Fighting with staffs
Timothy Sackton: I'm awesome. There's
David Kong: Something to be embarrassed.
The
Timothy Sackton: Sort of guy who's organizing this kind of takes one
Timothy Sackton: Look at you and puts you in the elite of
Timothy Sackton: The elite competition, which is the sort of last one of the day and draws the biggest crowds and you watch and the first, you know, the first few bands you win.
Timothy Sackton: super easily like you know you're fighting people who just, you know, one tap to their leg and they're off right you can easily dance around them and they watch a few fights and it seems like you know mostly you feel pretty confident
David Kong: About but before we go any more deeper in this will be what's our wager.
David Schwartz: Oh yeah, I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Feeling the stakes get higher
Yeah.
Just go in, is
David Schwartz: Whoever places higher
David Schwartz: In there that
David Schwartz: Gets half the other person's money.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the prize money.
David Schwartz: From you.
David Schwartz: Know their total
Life.
David Schwartz: Person.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's
Eric Rosenbaum: What's, what's your take a lot
David Kong: All right, I'm at 90 that sounds good agree.
David Kong: Don't care about my my my
Timothy Sackton: Material possessions, but
David Kong: The entry saver. When it comes to hail.
Timothy Sackton: But the as on the hat so
David Kong: So I'm even better done
Timothy Sackton: entry fee for that for the Masters is five gold.
Timothy Sackton: And that the
David Kong: Fact that now because I'm going to win it all back. Anyways, he
Timothy Sackton: Expected pot is 100 gold.
Timothy Sackton: So there's about 20 competitors.
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
David Schwartz: Say well be despite
David Schwartz: You know having this wager like talks a surprising amount of trash talking
David Kong: There's a bunch of. Yeah.
David Schwartz: Just, just talking about how they're going to get their ass kicked.
Timothy Sackton: This
David Kong: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Definitely draws draws a bit of a crowd. And you know what
David Kong: Makes it a lot.
David Kong: Like in the early rounds of this thing. Like, I know I'm supposed to be competing against whoever I'm competing against but the whole time I'm just looking at wherever will be is and just like I'm like
David Kong: The first couple, especially if they're
David Kong: Not even look I'm literally not even looking
David Kong: At just like fighting over here.
David Kong: I'm fighting I'm fighting just using force of presence and Tim, you know, again, I've been training. Yeah. And so, so I literally am making no eye contact with my competitor looking
Eric Rosenbaum: Only at well be like
David Kong: Easily, you know, and I've got plus five acrobatics. They're just
David Kong: Easily just just, you know, told me
David Kong: That all of all of my
Timothy Sackton: You know, you actually make it into the into the sort of semi finals without too much or the court. I guess the quarterfinals without too much trouble.
Timothy Sackton: On the court stage of the quarterfinals you're in a you know you're you're against somebody who's not amazing so make an acrobatics check and then make a tackle,
David Kong: All right, and then attack roll.
David Kong: Things.
David Schwartz: I'm imagining a Dodge where you just flip backwards entirely in the air on the balance beam still
David Kong: I mean, basically.
David Kong: Just, just wait. It's gonna get better.
David Kong: Like literally, I'm just
David Kong: Like staring him.
David Kong: Like you know this dude is supposed to
David Kong: Be somehow like be some bit of a competition and just just you know the total eye contact. That will be the whole time and and you know
David Schwartz: Talking you up. I'm not sure, talking to you. Everybody else about how my friend is gonna kick their ass.
David Kong: It doesn't matter.
David Kong: My mind I
Timothy Sackton: Draw draw quite a lot of attention for in your quarterfinal match.
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: It's, you know, amazing sort of feat of acrobatics where you spin basically around the person and knock them down from behind, without the your opponent even realizing how you got behind them without your feet ever leaving the balance beam.
Timothy Sackton: And that draws some was an awesome the crowd is this newcomer starts to
Timothy Sackton: To, you know,
Timothy Sackton: The crowd sort of coming over. Right. And people are gathering you stepping
David Kong: Sorry, go ahead and they've heard of us, but, you know, they know about
Timothy Sackton: Everybody knows
David Kong: That you know
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there an able to
Eric Rosenbaum: Realize that your
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there wasn't there wasn't incumbent, but you're, you know, you feel like the crowd is sort of swinging in your favor and especially given your status is like the hero of of terroir and sort of word has gotten around
Timothy Sackton: The semi final match is is a is a older man a you know who looks slow and clumsy but moves with surprising speed make another acrobatics and tackle.
David Kong: All right, come on.
David Kong: Come on.
David Kong: Dude fire.
David Kong: Way to go on with that with Ken zone. These attack roles.
David Kong: I feel like in the fights to I've been like very, very
Timothy Sackton: Good, yeah I
David Kong: Don't wanna. I don't want to jinx myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly go wrong.
David Kong: What could possibly go on the attack the school now see
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you also
David Kong: Just
Timothy Sackton: His slow methodical and you you managed to just keep dancing out of his way and he blocks. A couple of your attempts to knock them down. But you with relatively little trouble managed to sort of catch one of his legs and just trip them up enough that he stumbles off on his own.
Timothy Sackton: making your way to the final so you're guaranteed a good place at this point you're at least you're either going to be number one or number two. So you're getting you're earning some money out of this.
And
David Schwartz: The Crowd shouting
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can see people rooting for you, but the
Timothy Sackton: Incumbent is is quite popular. She's a younger woman.
I'm
Timothy Sackton: Very tall long hair tied up in a bond and she is blindingly fast on her feet, her, her technique with the staff is not, you know, particularly
Timothy Sackton: Sophisticated but just just literally dancing along this balance beam and it seems like almost like she's magnetically attached. She twists and ways that seem to defy physics make another acrobatics, and another quarter attack.
David Kong: Okay, alright. So, for this Tim, I think I'm going to employ some of my training.
David Kong: If that if that's if that makes sense.
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what you're trying to do. I
David Kong: Can't I can't time now that I have some some
David Kong: Additional skills like you some of my my those skills in this context.
Timothy Sackton: Wow, I
David Kong: Like to push the beam or do something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: I think
David Kong: He was that cheating.
Timothy Sackton: Part of cheating.
David Kong: But isn't. I just saw my mom.
David Kong: Is not like my interest. I'm like, super fucking skillful now. Like isn't that are now.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to do flurry of gloves. I'll give you an advantage on the attack.
David Kong: All right, there we go, let's do that. So let's do acrobatics first she's still
David Kong: acrobatics out
David Kong: And then I'm going to do Flurry of blows, I'll do that to do a little advantage on the attack.
David Kong: And let's see.
David Kong: Let's
Timothy Sackton: hope nobody checks you right now while you're down key.
Timothy Sackton: didn't even need
David Kong: I need a shot this like series of roles here because
David Kong: This was
David Kong: Like the greatest performance in the history of this quarter to quarter debt, who's the bar. Is there a bard that we have, like, in that can sing songs about my my room. My
David Kong: Eric supply so it's
Timothy Sackton: Your body's not really
Timothy Sackton: Thinking type he could write a detailed treatise on your
David Kong: Yes, yes. Like I feel like a detailed. I feel like a
David Kong: Version of like a blog post of like the medium blog post that talks about how glorious. This was
Eric Rosenbaum: You know what this occasion merits. I'm actually gonna
Eric Rosenbaum: And bring to this world a totally new form that I call the graphic novel.
Timothy Sackton: Dance goes on for a little, a little while and you you've managed to jump out of a number of
Timothy Sackton: Quick strikes at your legs and body blocking them and dodging them.
Timothy Sackton: And she is super fast. Like, it's very hard to
Timothy Sackton: To get a blow to connect. But ah
Timothy Sackton: With your like flurry aim just precisely you managed to just sweep her directly off her feet.
Timothy Sackton: Just ducking under one of her attacks and lunging forward low to the ground just knocking off and there's like a moment of stunned silence as people couldn't can't quite believe that you in fact
Timothy Sackton: Succeeded and then there's allowed cheer Kenzo Kenzo and
Timothy Sackton: She even like
Timothy Sackton: You know, gives you a sort of not of acknowledgement and says, wow.
David Kong: Well, what's her name.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on, let me grab my
David Kong: Other make one up for you, Jaden.
David Kong: Jaden. So I kind of, you know, reach out and give her, give her my hand and like polar onto the beam and kind of, you know, raise her hand up in victory, too, because she's like the town. She's like a town figure right like she's a town.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah
Timothy Sackton: She's a local for sure.
David Kong: Yeah, exactly. So, so, you know, it's like I'm not her down but it's not you know mean it's like, you know, in the spirit of the competition and I kind of bring her up on the beam and i i like how to celebrate that I give her her shine to, you know, because
Timothy Sackton: You know,
David Kong: Very, very, very well thought battle I give her shine and I, you know, kind of bad, her, her and and then. Yeah. And then I just stare at Welby and I'm just i just i just well be. I'm just like giving you this last
Batch
David Kong: I know I keep finding out my pouch of
Mike Sackton: Points and I just
David Kong: I'm just like,
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm looking over at the scene and making a weird gesture with my head and it's like I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: framing it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: During
Eric Rosenbaum: Sketching but then I realized, oh no, this is my ruin book I probably shouldn't
Timothy Sackton: Need. So you got
Timothy Sackton: You got ah 70 golds
Timothy Sackton: 75 out of the hundred as the winner.
David Kong: I got 70 with the entrance fee.
David Kong: 70 back. Yes. Alright, sweet. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: crazy huge
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong: I'm going to figure out how to give us all away because I'm a monk, and I don't care about money.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll be heading into top that
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's not gonna be
David Schwartz: That's gonna be real difficult
David Kong: Will be I've even written one of these acts peaks yet. Have you done any training.
David Schwartz: There you go. I haven't actually seen one yet.
David Schwartz: But I've heard a lot about them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought the plan on team Welby was that we were getting too rigorous
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the previous three days we were going to be doing rigorous training developer, a whole
Mike Sackton: You might be better with beginner's luck.
David Schwartz: And we made it very nice XP kind of
David Schwartz: Dirt for me, but I don't think it will be
David Schwartz: Like shaky.
Timothy Sackton: Block creature from
Eric Rosenbaum: You accidentally break it set up.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: You got our back
Timothy Sackton: In the, in the crumbs at the end of the day, sort of talking about everything and dealt with the main the sort of just ask around town. You have heard you know a few rumors, so
Timothy Sackton: Actually just give me hope I did an investigation check
Timothy Sackton: But, add your charisma instead of your intelligence.
Mike Sackton: So that's
Timothy Sackton: So are you proficient in investigation.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah okay so it's
Mike Sackton: Plus two to that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay so 22. Okay, so you've had. I mean, people are talking to people are happy to say
Mike Sackton: Plus one to that right
Timothy Sackton: You know the
Timothy Sackton: You know the the sort of danger. That's coming but rumors that that you've heard
Timothy Sackton: From Ken Dros and the, sort of, you know,
Timothy Sackton: stuff that's happening has not really reached town yet and mostly people are happy. There's an undercurrent of sort of a few people dark, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Talking about how these you know hyena creatures, you know, have reportedly been attacking to the south, but a lot of people don't believe that rumor think they're mixing it up.
Timothy Sackton: With the band hyenas that attack the town. And so, you know, there's a bit of an era of, like, you know, these, these guys this for solve the problem. And now we can celebrate in peace. And so people are pretty friendly and happy to talk
Timothy Sackton: You don't hear much i mean you what you hear about Arkansas is really that you know you only spend a few days in town that people to talk to you are our EQ from Alaska and Josue
Timothy Sackton: So you don't really learn much about him. But you do do here from from somebody
Timothy Sackton: That you're talking to in the tea shop that there has been more traffic than usual in winter for Cara this past season like normally almost nobody comes out here until the festival, but
Timothy Sackton: You know, and some of them came through seem foreign like not it's not done Mari pilgrims coming to shock Kuhn, it seems like
Timothy Sackton: You know, there's definitely been more than just artists who who's been seen.
Timothy Sackton: Seen around town and
Timothy Sackton: You know, people speculate about about what they were doing, you know one person is convinced that the great library and chart and is trying to steal done Murray history and you know says they've been trying, you know, chart ins, but on our borders, trying to plunder.
Timothy Sackton: Done Mari ruins for decades.
Mike Sackton: Are these people who passed through mostly nobody not
Timothy Sackton: Nobody stayed
Timothy Sackton: These are all people who pass through.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Another person tells you that the Temple of Shah Kuhn themselves has a bunch of
Timothy Sackton: Hidden artifacts and mysteries from the past and that may be all these people were traveling here to try and find the shaku artifacts.
Timothy Sackton: And you also hear that
Timothy Sackton: You know, you hear you know a few sort of
Timothy Sackton: Things that
Timothy Sackton: These people were asking about so
Timothy Sackton: You know mostly it's, it's, you know, go mad or or just ruins, although a few people mentioned that they heard the name ravens hold which catches in your mind after having heard Bobby mentioned that
Mike Sackton: Where did they hear any, anything
Timothy Sackton: That travelers, you know, it's sort of speculation that so you know you heard from some
Mike Sackton: People going are coming
Timothy Sackton: Going like it was something you know somebody was asking about. Does anybody know
Timothy Sackton: Where you get your ravens forward from
Mike Sackton: As an aside, I'm also going to ask if anybody has any really good XP writing tips.
David Kong: Honestly, well be. I feel like if we tried hard. They're not even try that hard at all. You can get yourself an XP practice off.
David Kong: Which I think, you know, Kenzo at this point.
David Kong: Just having so got thoroughly dominated is competition is strongly recommending that you practice.
David Schwartz: Well, I'll have them your. No, no, no, no, no.
No.
Eric Rosenbaum: The sp.
David Schwartz: The key things to think like the next
Eric Rosenbaum: They're not very smart.
Timothy Sackton: So so so
Timothy Sackton: So you hear you hear two tips. So one
Timothy Sackton: Here the
Timothy Sackton: Tip that that you've heard of the past that are that will be heard before, that if you if you manage to feed them that calms them down and and will keep them from bucking you off.
Timothy Sackton: And then somebody else tells you feed them something sticky and it glues their beak.
Timothy Sackton: Shot, and then they can't
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait you so
Timothy Sackton: Even if you fall off.
Your much less danger.
Timothy Sackton: It says, like, get some dates wrap some dates in in a in a piece of of go dried goat me and feed that to them.
Timothy Sackton: And then you hear somebody else say you know really the key, the key for X speaks
Timothy Sackton: Stay off their backs, don't do it.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody can actually write an XP. You just hang on, until you fall on your but
Timothy Sackton: There seems to be a lot of
Timothy Sackton: debate as to what the right way to
Write an ass speakers.
David Kong: Okay, I think I made during this XP competition to you.
Timothy Sackton: Just for fun. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: How bigger that speaks for like six feet tall seven feet tall.
David Kong: Holy shit.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, they're big.
Eric Rosenbaum: To go on.
Eric Rosenbaum: The competitors have a chance to
Eric Rosenbaum: Greet they're actually just before how like how chaotic this whole thing.
Timothy Sackton: It's pretty chaotic. Basically, there's an XP running around somebody has a leash and it has like a lead somebody holds it down you jump on they let go. And then they count how long you stay off.
David Schwartz: It's like a rising. There's also a race.
Timothy Sackton: If what
David Schwartz: If bull riding was also a race.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so it's
Timothy Sackton: A combination of distance and time. Ah. So whoever basically
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoever gets the furthest
Timothy Sackton: So you either hang on for a long time, or you get it to go really
Fast
Eric Rosenbaum: Supposing someone were
Eric Rosenbaum: Suddenly possessed with the idea that they might have a little inspirational chat with the asked XP itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would say
David Kong: No magic seeker.
David Kong: We're gonna, we're gonna
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I suppose. Yeah. You want to be above board using one's
Eric Rosenbaum: Special cheap hours to make multiple strikes would be
Eric Rosenbaum: within or outside of the
Eric Rosenbaum: Agreement, we're making here.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just a question.
Timothy Sackton: Really magic. That's sort of
David Kong: That's my mentality.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I thought. I thought she was magic. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: It's not a magical effect.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can do sort of magical things with it, but it's basically just moving super fast.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean you do ALSO GOING BACK TO DEAL WITH YOU DO also here.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
Eric Rosenbaum: There are, it's
Eric Rosenbaum: Clear that you know
Timothy Sackton: Fewer people fewer of the locals that are returning than usual. Right. So, you know, and you've heard the names of some of them of the people who have lost family and friends and so that you were sort of
Eric Rosenbaum: Expecting this but
Timothy Sackton: You know, this has this
Timothy Sackton: was clearly an
Timothy Sackton: undercurrent running through
Eric Rosenbaum: The kind of rumors and
Timothy Sackton: And news you get
Timothy Sackton: And while people generally are feeling confident. There's a lot of nervousness about about the festival
Eric Rosenbaum: And in particular, you know,
Timothy Sackton: More than one
Timothy Sackton: Person has has said something to the effect of, you know, be attacking our town, you know, rumors of even worse. To the south.
Timothy Sackton: Stories of these strange storms in the
Eric Rosenbaum: North like
Timothy Sackton: It's always been a dangerous place. But the gods have protected us and dangerous haven't
Timothy Sackton: smelled so far into our lands and and there's sort of fear that the gods have forsaken us and that
Timothy Sackton: The festival of G volley will be
Timothy Sackton: Will be a disaster and there will be
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
Timothy Sackton: There will be a bad omen at the festival, it will be, you know, let's hope that G volley shows us the sign of favor and that we haven't
Timothy Sackton: We haven't been forsaken in the eyes of the
Timothy Sackton: Siblings this kind of
Timothy Sackton: undercurrent is is also common. You know, despite people's thankfulness. It's clear that there's still some nervousness that
Timothy Sackton: You know the festival could turn
Eric Rosenbaum: Out.
Timothy Sackton: To be a bad
Eric Rosenbaum: Has anybody ever died in the next peak.
Timothy Sackton: Not that you know
Timothy Sackton: But it's not impossible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just
Eric Rosenbaum: Very bad things that could happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Mike Sackton: I'll probably
Mike Sackton: Go state.
Tip.
Eric Rosenbaum: Next,
Timothy Sackton: God state tip. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, so you go
Timothy Sackton: You go to sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
David Kong: While the, I think I'm going to join you in this XP competition.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Good luck.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now starting to hit a groove with illustrating sequences of images of action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Combining the little boxes.
Eric Rosenbaum: nearly completed like a 30 page.
Eric Rosenbaum: novella of the
Eric Rosenbaum: Staff competition.
Eric Rosenbaum: I need to title.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: In the morning
Timothy Sackton: The day of the XP competition arrives.
Timothy Sackton: Welby and Kenzo
Eric Rosenbaum: How would you like to approach your
Timothy Sackton: Speak writing
David Kong: So,
David Kong: I know for myself I looking at looking at my
David Kong: character sheet here i plus three animal handling.
David Kong: So are we able to be like, Is it random how we get the XP or like how's how's this for
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's random, there's basically a pen of so you come out onto the
Timothy Sackton: The morning of this of this edition.
Timothy Sackton: The XP.
Timothy Sackton: Back Knicks are kind of a warm to the
Timothy Sackton: Actual
Eric Rosenbaum: Horseback riding competitions.
Timothy Sackton: So that happened in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a pen of like 12 of these XP.
Timothy Sackton: Together and and lassoed with ropes.
Timothy Sackton: He
Timothy Sackton: And they're sort of milling about. And you can see that there's a track that's been set up in a flat area in the desert. And the way it works is that there's a handler who grabs from XP at random from this pen.
Timothy Sackton: Pulls it to the starting line holds it down with the rope and then as soon as your mounted
Timothy Sackton: Let's go of the rope.
Timothy Sackton: And it's up to you to control the direction that the XP goes and stay on as long as you can and your distance as marked as
Timothy Sackton: Like when you fall on the ground, somebody runs out with a stone and marks in
Timothy Sackton: The furthest wet that's
David Kong: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should watch a couple of rounds, just to see, you know,
David Schwartz: Some
Timothy Sackton: People enter this and
Timothy Sackton: They just, they basically just mark the stones. There's no heats or anything. Everybody gets one go.
And
Timothy Sackton: You know, it's just like marked. And so, you know, it's the entry fee is only
Timothy Sackton: Will say it's like to silver right so that's not even a
Timothy Sackton: Gold, but the part is quite large, because so many people enter like
Timothy Sackton: What is there there's 10 silver and gold. So something like you know 100 people might enter this
Timothy Sackton: So that would be
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Now all sauce. So the entry fee is
Five.
Timothy Sackton: Is now the entry, the entry fee is one goal. So the part is 100 gold.
David Schwartz: So I'm going to spend
David Schwartz: Just a long time I quit next to the panel climb up on to the side of it, study the XP.
David Schwartz: See how they move see
David Schwartz: See if I can choose which one
David Schwartz: Really getting into what I really want to do is see if I can climb onto an expert in the pen and write it out, rather than
Waiting
Timothy Sackton: One week
David Schwartz: Yeah, than the XP.
Timothy Sackton: You can start out lurk near the pan. But if you get too close the handler. She's like,
Timothy Sackton: Go away, go away.
Timothy Sackton: Over there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm doing an atomic sketches of their skill at musculoskeletal structure in preparation for my next great work.
Timothy Sackton: Both of you want to enter
David Kong: Yeah.
David Kong: I, I kind of get near the pen, but near sort of in between the pen and whenever the race is going to happen like slightly off to the side and I just I just sit down and start getting into meditative focus that you see Kenza just like kind of sit down and just start getting in the zone.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: opposite approach.
Timothy Sackton: The XP cuz dragged over it's it's standing there like top towering above you. Actually, it's more than twice your height.
Timothy Sackton: The handler kind of looks down. It's like
Timothy Sackton: Can you even get on that thing.
Timothy Sackton: And then you see in the stands that you know the crowds that there's not like stands. It's just like people that gather around. You've got your now.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe about halfway through the races and there's a few people that have managed to get pretty far there's a large collection of rocks about
Timothy Sackton: You know 10 or so feet from the starting line.
Timothy Sackton: It seems many people don't get particularly far
Timothy Sackton: Well, I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: A seven foot animal you might get thrown forward immediately.
Eric Rosenbaum: Even one step, you know,
Timothy Sackton: So,
David Schwartz: I want to see, can I start by I've got, I've got some goat meat. I'm not going to try and stick it smell together because I think it wouldn't enjoy that. And
David Schwartz: I think other people can hear me or heal me rather so I'm gonna I'm gonna start, what I really want to do is try using animal handling and using the sweet to persuade this thing to sit down on the ground so that I could climb on to it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Many candidates.
Timothy Sackton: He doesn't have dates. He just has go make an analyst.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: It, it sort of looks at you and that pause a little bit and it
Timothy Sackton: It's like trying to, it's like leaning into the
Timothy Sackton: Into the rope and it sort of bends, a little bit, but it doesn't get all the way down to the ground and it's clearly about her run off and
Timothy Sackton: The handlers like holding on, but says it's now or never.
David Schwartz: Well, all right, we'll all I'll climb up like the fence next to it and from the fence hop onto its back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
That
Timothy Sackton: Eating at me.
David Schwartz: Yeah, I'll tell us a little bit of goat up to it, to start with.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a tax check
Timothy Sackton: So you you get on board and you're like holding on with one hand on this animal that's now bucking
And
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Bouncing underneath you, and starting to move and you reach up and you try to
Timothy Sackton: To get it.
Timothy Sackton: Get let's get this your hand up to its being to feed it this meat in it lunches at the beach and it takes a giant bite out of your hand.
Timothy Sackton: For points of damage.
David Kong: Manager.
Timothy Sackton: takes off down the course make an animal handling check but use DAX instead of wisdom so add an extra plus one, I believe.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the crowd reaction at this point.
Timothy Sackton: There's like a and you can see as you're
Timothy Sackton: Like bleeding and
Timothy Sackton: Look over and you see
Timothy Sackton: Kelly charm heart in that
David Schwartz: In the crash. Oh, no.
Timothy Sackton: When saying
David Schwartz: Oh, oh man.
David Schwartz: So I so it takes us bite out of my hand. And I didn't even flinch. I'm just focused on. I don't want to
David Schwartz: spook its thing. So, all right here we go again.
Timothy Sackton: It comes
David Schwartz: With an additional plus when I taught this, should I get advantage on this because I'm a smaller size. The most of the writers, so it's easier for
Mom.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: would accept you rolled so badly on your decks. Jackie, would normally have disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's countered by the advantage for being small
David Schwartz: Excellent. All right, here comes
David Schwartz: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: 21 so you make it I'm
Timothy Sackton: Not the furthest but you make it past almost all of the of the stones and you're like, hang on. And those blood dripping off and your small sizes is definitely helping
Timothy Sackton: The there's like, you know,
Timothy Sackton: The way it runs is very different than a horse because it has only two legs. So it's like terrific to dunk. Dunk and those are jolting feeling and after you get about um let's see about 65 feet. I'll say six
Timothy Sackton: It starts to you, you start to slide off and it, it starts to go to throw you and you just like wrap your arms around and get about another 15 feet and you land on the ground about 80 feet down and you can see only one stone ahead of you.
David Schwartz: All right, all right, I'll take it.
Timothy Sackton: And there's there's acknowledgement from the crab like you didn't start off super well but you have to end.
Timothy Sackton: So, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Kenza, what's your strategy.
David Kong: So after after just kind of getting myself into a just a really meditative zone and the purpose of getting into such a deep meditative zone is to Eliminate. Eliminate my own ego.
David Kong: So that when I'm approaching the animal. The animal is not able to sense my humaneness but it's in only able to sense kind of another incredibly peace and calming energy field. And so, so that's kind of my my approach is to just to just to, you know, completely have eliminated that.
David Kong: Any sorts of kind of agitation, but to be emanating just an incredibly deep sense of calm and centered
David Kong: And so
David Kong: When I approach my XP I'm basically trying to just just, you know, or otherwise.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, can I
David Kong: Can I
David Kong: Oh, I guess, what does that other thing I can do.
David Kong: Am I gonna do a new thing now. Right. I mean, it's just like sensing if it's nervous or something.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yep, yep.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just check one thing
David Kong: Okay influence. Anything I can just see if it's you can't influence anything
Timothy Sackton: No, it's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not software enough to
David Kong: To have any. Got it.
David Kong: That's fine. All right. Um, and, yeah, so I basically just just approach with a
David Kong: With a tremendously just
David Kong: deep sense of calm and then
David Kong: So I thought this was going to be also acrobatics. In addition to animal handling.
Is that true
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it depends on what you do.
David Kong: So I was going to after getting into this kind of deep state of calm on use an animal handling to try to also keep it calm but then use acrobatics just all of my acrobatic and extra skills to stay on the thing. As long as I can.
Timothy Sackton: So staying on the thing is animal handling but you use your decks instead of your wisdom so
Timothy Sackton: That would be for you. It would be
Not perfect 16
David Kong: I am. I've got plus three and one
Timothy Sackton: So it would be plus three, it would be just a straight animal handling. Oh.
David Kong: I see.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to try something to
Timothy Sackton: Anything tricky. That might involve other roles.
David Kong: I want to do the tricky thing that will give me my plus five acrobatics i want i want to do something that will will make it more about acrobatics than about
Eric Rosenbaum: You could be the world's
Eric Rosenbaum: First XP surfer.
Timothy Sackton: I mean acrobatics is really more
Timothy Sackton: You know, trying to stay on your feet.
Timothy Sackton: Doing acrobatics. You could try and
Timothy Sackton: You could, you know, attempt as you're falling to do some sort of tricky move
To do that.
David Kong: Yeah, that, that's good. So I'll do the standard animal handling, but as I fall. I'm going to try to either like like get a swing myself from the XP to, like, you know, use its head and then swing myself back on to it, like, as I'm falling if once I get to that point. All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or just launched yourself forward.
David Kong: Oh, can I do that, how far the XP gets right not have our Harper.
Timothy Sackton: Where you land on
Eric Rosenbaum: Where you live.
David Kong: All kind of like pulled off his head.
David Kong: Yes, I will do that. Great idea.
Timothy Sackton: Make a make an animal handling roll. All right, let's yeah let's
David Kong: See if my crazy streak continues. Come on animal handling.
David Kong: Boo.
Timothy Sackton: You managed
Timothy Sackton: You get on it. And this one is pretty wild and bucking and, you know, it starts sprinting immediately at a dead pace.
Timothy Sackton: And you got maybe 40 feet, which is not bad but there's at least 10 rocks ahead of you. When
Timothy Sackton: Something distracts it and it
Timothy Sackton: Makes it just makes it cut and you cannot keep it going straight and it's just starting now like running sideways across the field as you decide, okay, now's my moment to try and get my distance make acrobatics.
David Kong: Well can I can I do acrobatics first to see if I can flip back on it and like stay on it for longer because I don't
David Kong: Like another 40 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Sure you can try it. I mean, so at the moment you've lost control of it. So it's not running down the track, it's running.
Eric Rosenbaum: Away from it.
Timothy Sackton: It's running sort of towards the crowd.
Timothy Sackton: People are starting to
Eric Rosenbaum: I am I have
A good
Timothy Sackton: Those people who are stationed
Timothy Sackton: Around to like grab the ropes and people know what to do. But you've lost control of the animal. So if you're not gonna get any more.
David Kong: OK, so now
Timothy Sackton: Turn to get you more distance, you're only
David Kong: Watch myself.
David Kong: As far as I can.
David Kong: See from here, it's gonna be pretty do something pretty miraculous. But let's see. Let's see what happens.
Timothy Sackton: On your
Timothy Sackton: You think you're being tricky trying to, you know, swing around its neck and launch yourself down the field to try and get another like five or 10 feet or maybe 15 feet with a role. Um, but the XP makes another sudden cut and you actually go flying five feet backwards.
Timothy Sackton: On the ground, I'm disappointed and probably in about
Timothy Sackton: 20th PLACE or something like that, you're certainly better than all the people who all those stones that are only about 10 feet out but not good.
Timothy Sackton: I
David Kong: But you know I get up laughing laughing at myself and laughing and laughing at the moment. And, you know, very, very careful very careful about the whole thing.
David Schwartz: So what kinds of everyone's cut out to be an XP writer.
David Schwartz: I'm sure you'll find your mouth, just like I found mine.
Timothy Sackton: So,
David Kong: This competition.
Timothy Sackton: Um, you won.
David Kong: This competition, but I think overall in our wager.
David Schwartz: Thank you win right
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, well,
David Kong: How did other people what what place, ultimately, as well.
Timothy Sackton: So ultimately come in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now well be. You still got an archery competition coming up, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: That's that's tomorrow they do or archery, and then horse archery.
David Schwartz: What's the puck for third so I can give half of everything.
Timothy Sackton: So be 75 its third is tangled.
Eric Rosenbaum: Web, but you should see how you place in this other competition before you decide this
Whole
Eric Rosenbaum: You could win that one out. Right.
David Kong: Now, but the competition is about the the the XP riding in the
David Kong: The quarter staffing
Okay.
David Schwartz: Right, so take take 4040 you know 48 of my gold.
David Kong: Kenza Kenza just kinda just laughs He's like, you know, sometimes I talk shit but sometimes I'm a monk. I don't care about the money.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I'm
Timothy Sackton: Late that evening, there's a bit of a so you watch. I mean, you watch the
Timothy Sackton: Horseback riding and it seems during the XP writing competition half Dr. Who is one of the scouts um has returned
Timothy Sackton: He seems tired and
Timothy Sackton: Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: He is
Timothy Sackton: Awesome. Yes. Let's get some good, fair music going
David Kong: Seeker. I can't wait to see your, your completed.
David Kong: Pictorial story.
Eric Rosenbaum: While you're looking over my shoulder. You notice I'm writing. I don't care about the money drawing a little circle around it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then there's a little band coming out of the circle pointing at your the mouth in your drawing. And I'm like, that could work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speech balloon.
Timothy Sackton: Hot Sauce returned, he looks tired, almost like he's road to the night. But it's clear. He's not going to
Timothy Sackton: Miss out on the writing competitions and you know he's clearly like pretty well known and and a bit hardy about his skill and
Timothy Sackton: Actually does
Timothy Sackton: Tim Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We lost you there for a second.
Timothy Sackton: Can you still hear me.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You know, despite his clear exhaustion from hard riding and hard travel he insists on competing and you, you know, see.
Timothy Sackton: He does quite, I mean his clearly masterful with a horse and
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you know, is also the, the, you know, type of personality who really gets into sort of working up the crowd and and playing up in scale and he'll do sort of tricks.
Timothy Sackton: Show off moves. Well, he's writing, just to kind of show up the competition, a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: And you know the day continues and that evening, there's, there's a sort of commotion at the end as
Timothy Sackton: Elise comes in late after dinner.
Timothy Sackton: She
Timothy Sackton: She sees you, she recognizes you
Timothy Sackton: You met her on the road, a few days ago, she looks exhausted.
Timothy Sackton: Travel stained she's clearly written further and longer than
Timothy Sackton: Than half dar had and
Timothy Sackton: Pauses briefly to to say hello to you and
Timothy Sackton: She says,
Timothy Sackton: Of course, I think we must have much to discuss now.
Timothy Sackton: First though, before anything else let me pass on my thanks, as I'm sure you've heard from many people for everything you've done from Caroline really does mean the world to me.
Timothy Sackton: I cannot stay long. I must go speak with Kendra's briefly but
Timothy Sackton: I assume that you given your role in these events.
Timothy Sackton: Will be joining us for the Council tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: She looks relieved at that and then says we will speak soon.
Timothy Sackton: And and rides often it's you know it's clear that, yeah. You don't know what time the Council will be tomorrow, but like everybody's back now and so you're expecting tomorrow to be a busy day.
Timothy Sackton: When you wake in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: The messages waiting for you.
Timothy Sackton: From Kendra is
Timothy Sackton: Saying
Timothy Sackton: Calm.
Timothy Sackton: The, the village Council will be meeting and you know the location of the of the
Timothy Sackton: I forget what they call it like the meeting hall like the chamber right where you talk to teens right when you came back.
Timothy Sackton: The Council will be meeting at 10 o'clock.
Timothy Sackton: We would very much appreciate your wisdom and your insight in these trying times
Timothy Sackton: So let me change this up a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Let's take a short break here. Actually, if anybody wants to
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's right.
David Kong: Perfect.
Timothy Sackton: Like five
Mike Sackton: Five minutes or less.
Eric Rosenbaum: Five minutes. Sounds good.
David Kong: Like where's your sister these days.
Mike Sackton: In Western Western Mass. She's in the pine gap year. Mm.
David Kong: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Nantucket for a couple of years.
David Kong: Oh, wow. No.
Yes.
David Kong: I had a colleague telling me the other day that, um, there's a stereotype about Nantucket Nantucket is like the conservative island and Martha's Vineyard is like a liberal island.
Mike Sackton: True.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't surprise me though.
Mike Sackton: Last year, I think this year headset and set a fundraiser three houses down from my parents. Yeah. My dad was talking to the Secret Service guys last year.
Wow.
Mike Sackton: I think organized a quick rally to hold up some slides.
David Kong: Or your dad did
David Kong: Yeah. Nice.
David Kong: Your, your parents spent a lot of time on it, versus New Hampshire.
David Kong: Wow. Tim is like a severed
David Kong: from the waist up.
David Kong: This is really weird. It
David Kong: Was weird Tim
Mike Sackton: You I
Mike Sackton: Your virtual background plus your chair next in a strange way.
David Kong: It just looked like you were a severed. If you are severed from the waist up.
David Kong: Cool background.
Timothy Sackton: Changing it up to the village.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, everybody else that
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: You all approach the
Timothy Sackton: You all head to the village council chambers and enter the council. The council room where the rest of the Council seems to have just gathered or been gathering
Timothy Sackton: You recognize some people you see can dress in there, who nods and acknowledges you and also Kesa who smiles at you as you enter and and greet each one of you, in turn, warmly and again with her things
Timothy Sackton: You recognize a leash as well and have dar
Timothy Sackton: The warrior scout who you saw yesterday in the writing competition.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's one additional person who you who most of you don't recognize Suma the priestess of Giovanni
Timothy Sackton: She is I guess I'm down with you at UNC around maybe occasionally
Timothy Sackton: She is a
Timothy Sackton: Middle aged woman with dark curly hair and sort of soft friendly features and smiles at you, although she doesn't recognize any of you.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps, at least heard of down with and and looks up and greets you as you come in warmly.
Timothy Sackton: Our saviors pleased to see you here.
Timothy Sackton: PSP WITH THE FIVE SIBLINGS
Timothy Sackton: And then she says I'm as, as you all enter Kesa then kind of urges everybody to sit down and there's a circular table now in here and chairs around that.
Timothy Sackton: And she says, it seems we were all gathered now hopped on a leash.
Timothy Sackton: Would you like to
Timothy Sackton: Speak as to what you've heard and seen
Timothy Sackton: How r stands up first and opens. He is loud and
Timothy Sackton: And brash and and a younger Dunbar, a but clearly skilled in both writing and and battle, and he has a share of of scars and he looks, you know, of all of the of the people gathered here accepting you he seems like the one who is perhaps actually seen combat himself.
Timothy Sackton: He says I road south and southeast of here investigating the rumors of the attacks on the on the farms and orchards to our se
Timothy Sackton: I am saddened and upset to report that these rumors are indeed all true. And in fact, the reality is far worse than any news that's reached us now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Large bands of
Timothy Sackton: Creatures of rampaging hungry creatures hyena like in a form but standing on two legs and fighting with weapons.
Timothy Sackton: HAVE TORN through our southern and southeastern farmlands and holdings, I expect within a day, a large column of refugees will be arriving terawatt
Timothy Sackton: Many people fled as quick and as fast as they could behind this onslaught but I am afraid, many may also have died.
Timothy Sackton: Some of my men are moving to stayed in are moving to protect this retreat as best they can. I wrote on ahead.
Timothy Sackton: To warn the town.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know what other news there is on the planes. But I think the best defense. In this case, it's a good offense and we can defeat this threat. If we move quickly find the
Timothy Sackton: hideout or
Timothy Sackton: Face of whoever's controlling these creatures to the southeast and destroy that.
Timothy Sackton: And I was talking, there's, you know, books of horror and sadness across the room and
Timothy Sackton: You know, some some acknowledgement Kendra's in particular is, you know, tends to support tends to sort of nod, along with what hundred is saying.
Timothy Sackton: Elise stands up next and says I rode
Timothy Sackton: In a wide circuit east, north and west of here as far as the edge of the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: I rode fast I rode hard. I did not stop to talk or
Timothy Sackton: Fight anything I saw
Timothy Sackton: But I can tell you that nothing is as it seems out on the
Planes.
Timothy Sackton: You may have heard rumors of storms that never end. No rumors of
Timothy Sackton: upheavals and turmoil and I can say that there is a
Timothy Sackton: Storm of thunder and lightning and wild with that is sitting on a and does not seem to move or and
Timothy Sackton: I can say that there is a stream flowing out of the mountains of black water with that foul stench of blood.
Timothy Sackton: I can say that I also saw a small number of these creatures.
Timothy Sackton: Did I, did I just cut out there.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, what
David Kong: Creatures stench of creatures who
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Lightning Storm river that smelled like blood. Yeah.
David Kong: And then, and then send the river smells like blood and there's a stench of creatures.
Timothy Sackton: Um, I also saw these creatures.
Timothy Sackton: hyena. Like, perhaps, who had skirted around our eastern border and probing North trying to find creatures to attack. I saw
Timothy Sackton: The remains of a sheep heard torn to pieces eaten consumed.
Timothy Sackton: By a band of these creatures and I fled south.
Timothy Sackton: I do not have the answer.
Timothy Sackton: But I am not convinced that are only danger lies to the south.
Timothy Sackton: We don't know the scope and true nature of this threat.
Timothy Sackton: It's somebody sent me a message.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: We don't know the scope and true nature of this threat. We need more than half does war band. We need, we need an army. We need the king.
Timothy Sackton: I think this cannot be a simple matter of US defending our borders.
Timothy Sackton: But it must be a matter of seeking aid.
Timothy Sackton: You're not there, the source of these problems. But I can say that
Timothy Sackton: Well, our immediate concern. Maybe to the south.
Timothy Sackton: There is a greater danger here.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: Quick question about just done Mari politics and all of our politics. Is there a king who is the king, the king of Donmar or
So,
Timothy Sackton: So Donmar has a king.
Timothy Sackton: The king Denmark is not a super organized and
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: There's not a there's not a, like a like a structure of like baronies and feudal lords, or anything like that, um, you know, people tend to be pretty independent and all the sort of land is held in
Timothy Sackton: In common. Right. There's not a lot of private ownership of land and across the plains of Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: But there is a king. The main sort of
Timothy Sackton: Power, or sort of responsibility of the king is, is basically the ability to call a gathering
Timothy Sackton: Of link account a greater Council of
Timothy Sackton: Marty from around the kingdom and to muster an army.
Timothy Sackton: Should that be decided by this by this group, um,
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, the king is far away the King would sort of
Timothy Sackton: While the king does you know is that traveling court right so might spend some time in in in Tokyo, or in this city here in the winter and the summer that is almost certainly like here or or down on the coast.
David Kong: Oh wow, traveling court.
Timothy Sackton: So I like that. That's fairly typical for, you know, most kingdoms like this, right, it's
David Kong: Cool.
Timothy Sackton: That wouldn't be too too surprising. I mean, charting is a bit different because it's it's more organized. It's organized in a different way. But, you know, the king on some bar also travels
Timothy Sackton: I mean, there's a few sort of main capital ish things, but, um, you know, the king is constantly on the move. Just to
Timothy Sackton: You know, make sure that nobody is rebelling and stuff like that. But especially in Dunbar, there's a strong divide between the East and the West and South Eastern Donmar is pretty much, you know, completely independent and the really the only real influence the king has is
Timothy Sackton: You know, to lead an army.
Timothy Sackton: So, so as Alicia is talking
Timothy Sackton: No Kesa is
Timothy Sackton: Sort of nodding along and and speaks at the end of of what Elise says, and
Timothy Sackton: You know, says sort of falls up and says, you know, we cannot leave Carol undefended but
Timothy Sackton: I agree. This does not seem like something we can find on our own. And when they're saying this hop jazz kind of scoffing A little bit like, Yeah, of course I can find it on my own, you know, I've got bad
Timothy Sackton: But Alicia Keys that don't really seem to to support that a bit.
Timothy Sackton: Sooner the priestess
Timothy Sackton: You know, has been sort of quiet through this whole thing and
Timothy Sackton: Looks at at both of them and says, you know,
Timothy Sackton: How are you may be right. We may be able to defeat the threat to the south, who may be able to find
Timothy Sackton: Who is organizing or or what is organizing and controlling this force if there is anything
Timothy Sackton: Any greater purpose or evil behind it.
Timothy Sackton: A lash. Yes. Somebody must ride to the king.
Timothy Sackton: But I think what we must do now.
Timothy Sackton: Is hard
Timothy Sackton: People make the Denmark not places we are used to traveling. We're used to living on the road if we stay here, I'm afraid, many more will die.
Timothy Sackton: I think if we are to survive if Caroline is to survive as a people, if not a place
Timothy Sackton: We must flee West fleet to toker our fleet to some defensible position.
Timothy Sackton: Somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Where we can be safe, at least until we can you know an army can be can be organized and our borders made safe again if we can organize that we regard to the attackers, so much the better. But if we have to flee.
Timothy Sackton: We should do so as soon as possible.
Timothy Sackton: Although I would say that nothing can be done without of all his blessing and no of course of action will succeed.
Timothy Sackton: Until after the festival
Timothy Sackton: And everybody's quiet for a moment and
Timothy Sackton: Kendra, as it kind of looks around and looks at Kesa and Kesa looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: And says, it seems like we have a voice to flee.
Timothy Sackton: To perhaps and caraway nods that that to to attack to the south.
Timothy Sackton: To to defend terroir
Timothy Sackton: We seem to be at something of an impasse, you have proved your worth before, what would you do. And she turns and looks at everybody around
Timothy Sackton: Well, the Council except the wisdom of these strangers who have proven their dedication and and worth to our people through battle and danger already and have their sort of scoffs a little bit, but everybody else kind of nods and seeing. He's the only one out. He's says fine.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see what they have to say. I will accept their wisdom as well.
Timothy Sackton: And everybody turns and looks expectantly it you
Eric Rosenbaum: Need a minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've been
Eric Rosenbaum: Making notes and sketching on my map as we learn about the location. So the different forces.
David Kong: Music
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I'm not sharing my
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I had good music for this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we should take a moment to confer as a group and return to the Council.
Timothy Sackton: I Kendra's and keys, a look
Timothy Sackton: At each other for a moment and
You know,
Timothy Sackton: Bakkies.
Timothy Sackton: looks to you and says,
Timothy Sackton: I believe we would be interested in hearing your deliberations.
Perhaps there is information.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fair enough.
Timothy Sackton: We've been share
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't have anything to hide.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know, do you have anything to hide. I
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't think so.
David Kong: Well, why don't we try to understand this.
Situation more clearly.
David Kong: If
David Kong: If the town is to fleet a tow Keira
David Kong: How long would it take to
David Kong: Pack up and move the entire town and and organize this retreat.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Suma and Kendra, as it kind of looks at each other and contrast. It says
Timothy Sackton: Shot Kuhn will not leave our temple.
Timothy Sackton: But if the town is to play it could happen quickly.
Timothy Sackton: Days after the festival, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: And kisses sort of nods and cents.
Timothy Sackton: And Alicia is sort of the
Timothy Sackton: You know, the most talkative one says
Timothy Sackton: Most people will be leaving shortly after the festival. Anyway, within a day or two. Most of the celebration and trading happens before
Timothy Sackton: I think we would not need more than three days from the end of the festival
Timothy Sackton: For the tower to empty should not be our decision.
David Kong: But also sounds like
David Kong: Oh, sorry. Good, well being.
David Schwartz: Said,
David Schwartz: I think are dangerous. Not only can you say you've heard stories of
Ravens.
David Schwartz: Also by some malevolent force something that's
Eric Rosenbaum: Missing
David Schwartz: The light or doing some evil there.
David Schwartz: The festival finishes in your people.
David Schwartz: Scattered back to their
David Schwartz: Field some flocks, they'll be an
David Schwartz: easy target for anything that comes from the South or from the north or again from the east, there may be more yet beyond what we destroyed.
David Schwartz: Until we know that the threat.
Is gone
David Schwartz: It doesn't seem defensive or here.
David Schwartz: And it doesn't seem defensible to scatter back
David Schwartz: And we know that the threat isn't only what's coming from yourself.
David Schwartz: I don't see another course of action, besides all
The way.
David Kong: Well, and also
David Kong: It seems as though the no matter what the king must be found.
David Kong: No matter what the king must be found in an army must be raised.
Timothy Sackton: At least nods at that and says,
Timothy Sackton: Yes, cancer, I completely agree. I think
Timothy Sackton: That goes without saying.
Timothy Sackton: News of this must
Timothy Sackton: must reach others.
Timothy Sackton: There is
Timothy Sackton: Larger dangerous at work here that we cannot defeat ourselves.
David Kong: So,
David Kong: If the safety of the of the town and the people are paramount. And if this this position here.
David Kong: we're unable to defend and if our retreats necessary then
David Kong: Zanzibar.
Yeah.
David Kong: Then the question.
David Kong: Then it begs the question, to protect
David Kong: The people on the retreat.
David Kong: Is
David Kong: A combination of our forces plus of hotdogs forces.
David Kong: And and our band here sufficient to protect
Eric Rosenbaum: The retreat.
Timothy Sackton: Have our kind of
Timothy Sackton: Looks you over the four of you over.
Timothy Sackton: I have 40 men who will ride with me.
Timothy Sackton: How many do you have
David Kong: You're looking at it.
Are you
Timothy Sackton: Experience.
Horse riders.
David Kong: Next week,
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Eric Rosenbaum: Provide housing for horses.
Timothy Sackton: While the is not bad.
David Kong: Elephants pretty good right dealt with her and she good at riding horses.
David Kong: Well, not your horse that we put in the barn.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you all know how to ride a horse, but
Timothy Sackton: There's a difference between knowing how to ride a horse and
Timothy Sackton: Being able to
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
Timothy Sackton: effectively fight from horseback.
David Schwartz: No, we can't do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what is, what is the size of this evacuation that the total population of
Timothy Sackton: Well that's, I mean, there's only maybe 200 people who live in the village around
Timothy Sackton: The, the, if everybody who would normally scatter
Timothy Sackton: Out across the
Timothy Sackton: Plains were to stay together and had West
Timothy Sackton: You'd be talking about 1000 people maybe
Timothy Sackton: On or or maybe more, maybe a bit more than that even. But if
Timothy Sackton: You know, you're just talking about the people in, but all of those people have transportation and gear and basically are ready to leave because they're all planning on leaving anyway.
Timothy Sackton: So in terms of organizing supplies and stuff. You're talking about just about the 200 people in
Eric Rosenbaum: A full evacuation does seem like a vulnerable target. I have to admit,
Eric Rosenbaum: among my people. We have the opposite impulse which is to say under threat to
Eric Rosenbaum: Dig in, so to speak. And one thing I wonder about here is whether if this town is overrun after being abandoned do we lose something very precious
Eric Rosenbaum: At its heart, which is to say
Eric Rosenbaum: The mysteries within the Temple of Chicago.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it also makes me wonder to what degree. Could that temple provide shelter.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've only been in just within the entrance. But if it could even temporarily house a large number of people.
Eric Rosenbaum: It might provide some defense. That's just to say though the impulse among my people goes in that direction.
Timothy Sackton: Contrast that sort of ponders for a moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could perhaps
Timothy Sackton: Shelter. The village if need be.
Timothy Sackton: And not everybody here for the festival
Timothy Sackton: And let me reiterate
Timothy Sackton: The Miss Dianna Kuhn will not be
Timothy Sackton: Leaving this village.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can they defend the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alone.
Timothy Sackton: We will have to
David Kong: What resources.
Eric Rosenbaum: They have to defend it.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of
Timothy Sackton: He
Timothy Sackton: Like looks around a little bit. I'm kind of
Timothy Sackton: Fewer every day, it seems
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: This is not a choice that we
Can make
Timothy Sackton: This temple has stood for many generations.
Timothy Sackton: And I will not be the one
Timothy Sackton: To leave at
Timothy Sackton: If need be,
Timothy Sackton: We can see all the doors.
David Schwartz: I'll be right back. But don't don't wait on Me.
David Schwartz: Well, there's just checked out for a minute.
David Schwartz: Lesson this that's
David Kong: How long, how many days for this.
David Kong: Town, or to travel to Tokyo.
David Kong: along the journey.
Timothy Sackton: We would not be able to move fast. All of us traveling
Timothy Sackton: Weeks, I would think.
David Kong: How long to find the king.
Timothy Sackton: Last lash and and have dryer sort of looked at each other and like they're both about to speak. And our last speaks first and says,
Timothy Sackton: It's a long ride but
Timothy Sackton: If I left right after the festival
Timothy Sackton: Hopefully no more than a few weeks.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe several weeks, maybe more like a month.
Timothy Sackton: I think we cannot count on.
Timothy Sackton: Support for
Timothy Sackton: Several months at least
Eric Rosenbaum: And these forces that have been seen abroad. Now,
Eric Rosenbaum: How long like what's the newest attack, we can expect
Eric Rosenbaum: Here at our doors.
Timothy Sackton: Have our kind of
Timothy Sackton: Looks up, I trust my man to do what they can
Timothy Sackton: We are not
Timothy Sackton: We are not easy to push around
But
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: We are trying to protect as many people who are fleeing north as as we can, or at least that was a situation when I left.
Timothy Sackton: More than a day ago now.
Timothy Sackton: It could be
Timothy Sackton: It could be a few days. It could be a week.
Timothy Sackton: Don't really know what the purpose, but the goal of these creatures is
Timothy Sackton: They did not seem to care for land or treasure or
Timothy Sackton: Food and not not all of them seem to be even traveling towards us.
Timothy Sackton: My scouts reported some bands of these creatures heading east into the
Timothy Sackton: Into the blasted plane and some heading south out into the no man's land, the
Timothy Sackton: Heat of the scorching desert where nobody
Timothy Sackton: Lives or travels
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: I cannot say honestly, whether they indeed even intend to attack.
Timothy Sackton: It seems likely, it seems obvious where somebody
Timothy Sackton: After plunder or treasure.
Of course,
Timothy Sackton: Somebody was after chaos.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. I'd wait till we laughed and then attack on the road.
David Kong: What do you think
David Kong: Oh my cure.
Your eyes are working
David Kong: So no idea
David Kong: No idea.
I think. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That was weird. I was saying stuff. I was like, why is everybody ignoring me
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
Mike Sackton: Did I, did he say how many. I mean, how big is this force.
Mike Sackton: We have a clear sense
Mike Sackton: Of dark so
Mike Sackton: Now he said he had 40 people right yes 40 man.
Timothy Sackton: He has 40 people fighting for.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the hyena creatures that numbering in the dozens or hundreds
Timothy Sackton: Or dozens
Timothy Sackton: They seem to be multiple small bands.
Timothy Sackton: Of
Timothy Sackton: You know, some in the doesn't some last
Timothy Sackton: Not all traveling in the same direction.
Mike Sackton: It seems to me.
Mike Sackton: Like fleeing
Mike Sackton: Like having
Mike Sackton: Some part of the town.
Mike Sackton: Said, clearly.
Mike Sackton: Or maybe all of it.
Mike Sackton: But it seems to me that
Mike Sackton: running ahead of the storm means we won't know what the storm is
Mike Sackton: There's
Mike Sackton: A month
Mike Sackton: Could change the
Mike Sackton: Character of what is coming
Mike Sackton: The month
Mike Sackton: The darkness that Raven hold could
Mike Sackton: Spread the storms could grow.
Mike Sackton: And all without us knowing what's there.
Mike Sackton: Seems like
Mike Sackton: Some
Mike Sackton: Further
Mike Sackton: Forward base might be worth maintaining
Mike Sackton: Even if
Mike Sackton: The bulk of the
Mike Sackton: Citizenry flees West
David Kong: First rate and hold
David Kong: On this map.
Timothy Sackton: When you mentioned the darkness at Raven whole
Timothy Sackton: Kendra's also
Timothy Sackton: You know, you've mentioned several times now the darkness at at Raven halt.
Timothy Sackton: Is this what is this that you refer to
David Schwartz: I'll retell again the story in brief the
Timothy Sackton: Okay, tell me, tell the story of of the
Eric Rosenbaum: hobgoblin in the orb to the council member
Timothy Sackton: You talk. Yes. Each while he told pizza.
Timothy Sackton: I think let's
Timothy Sackton: Yes, we can presume cases shared that information with the
Eric Rosenbaum: Council. Okay.
Let me come
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: He seems also to be sort of puzzled by this
Eric Rosenbaum: This
Timothy Sackton: This seems like this.
Timothy Sackton: Something about this.
Timothy Sackton: Raven Holt
And the
Timothy Sackton: Creatures that you fought in town, the hyenas.
Timothy Sackton: It seems similar somehow do you think it might be connected.
Mike Sackton: It's hard to know.
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: Every possible hunger.
Timothy Sackton: unfilled unquenchable hunger.
David Kong: Hmm. Also, what was the name of the dude that turned into a stone.
David Kong: Also, yeah.
David Kong: The. Do any of you know of our guests allege we heard that you had interacted with this artist who turned into stone.
David Kong: There's some connection between the the hobgoblin we killed
David Kong: And
David Kong: What's happening here.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I spoke to him. Definitely.
David Kong: Who is artist.
Timothy Sackton: He was, he was interested in artifacts. He wanted to know.
Timothy Sackton: Now that you
Timothy Sackton: Mentioned that he was asking about ravens
Timothy Sackton: Wait, how do you know
Eric Rosenbaum: I take out the drawing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can we found him in a unfortunately rather immobile state.
Eric Rosenbaum: In fact, totally turned us down.
Timothy Sackton: She looks a bit surprised that is unexpected.
Timothy Sackton: Very fine.
Timothy Sackton: Now that now that you mentioned Raven holds. He was definitely asking about
Timothy Sackton: These ruins and
Timothy Sackton: He wanted to know.
Timothy Sackton: As many forts from the Great War as I could tell them, and the ones I mentioned are there was one that's I'VE NEVER I'VE. Well, I've never been to, because it's on the other side of the great gosh of the canyon.
Timothy Sackton: And then, but I've heard. And then the other one I mentioned to him was ravens hold, which is, if anything, you know, a bigger, more impressive fort. That was one of the main strongholds.
Timothy Sackton: Of our people.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of before the Great War. And in fact, a great battle was fought there.
Timothy Sackton: Towards the end of the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: Many died.
Timothy Sackton: But it's an impressive in fact seeker, you may be interested. It's, I believe that there is some Durban architecture there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh really,
Timothy Sackton: And the fact that archives was asking about it.
Timothy Sackton: While he was asking about really any fort from the Great War and he had a couple of things he said he had found on the road. But also we're sort of great where I never saw them, he said he gave them to the Smith.
Timothy Sackton: They were also sort of great work or he seemed quite interested in
Timothy Sackton: The last knowledge of the Great War. I'm not sure.
Timothy Sackton: He would never really say why.
Timothy Sackton: In fact, now that I think of it, I
Timothy Sackton: I feel like maybe I spent a lot of time talking and he spent a lot of time listening but hardly said a word through our entire conversation.
Timothy Sackton: And just let me run on about
Timothy Sackton: History and
Timothy Sackton: Huh.
Timothy Sackton: What do you seconds.
David Kong: What did you think of his character. What kind of a man was he
And that
Timothy Sackton: Wow.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I mean, he was into key.
Timothy Sackton: He was interested in history.
Timothy Sackton: He wanted to hear what I had to say.
David Kong: Unless
David Kong: We found them in turn to stone exactly at that for to cross the gash where we at where we slayed the hobgoblin wizard or source or whatever he was
David Kong: He was turning
David Kong: Stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is a bazillion tours.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
David Kong: He was turn to stone and we weren't we couldn't tell if he was there to assist
David Kong: This creature of evil. Was he there simply searching and the wrong. They're in the wrong place in the wrong time, or we did. We did, we were not able to discern discern his motivation.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't strike me is evil. But then again, I'm not sure I can say I met anybody who was evil.
Timothy Sackton: He, he seemed quiet and he seemed almost scholarly
Timothy Sackton: Quiet and curious and
Timothy Sackton: He was taking notes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I looked at unselfconsciously at my notebook that I
Eric Rosenbaum: Scholarly people are often trustworthy.
David Kong: Did we find a notebook.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Eric Rosenbaum: While we're on the
Eric Rosenbaum: Topic of artifacts.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you guys have that
Eric Rosenbaum: Little Horn on you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like to see it.
David Kong: Yeah, I've got it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: He was carrying
David Kong: Out.
Eric Rosenbaum: That it was from a different part of
Timothy Sackton: The coin was where he was
Eric Rosenbaum: Counting yeah
David Kong: Right, right. Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Well you presume he was carrying it was up the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Fascinating that's
Timothy Sackton: What happens if you blow on that.
David Kong: We haven't tried yet.
Timothy Sackton: That's a I mean that's done Mari MOTIF THAT ACTUALLY DATES I think from a little bit after the Great War.
Eric Rosenbaum: After the great
Timothy Sackton: Well, after the Great War. Of course, there was a lot of chaos and destruction here and
Timothy Sackton: Many scouts.
Timothy Sackton: Tried to keep our people safe.
Timothy Sackton: Road along the borders and they would off. I found pieces of horns of similar design. And I think my amateur surmise is that these were somehow a symbol or carried by those who
Timothy Sackton: You know those two road.
Timothy Sackton: As scouts to protect the people or or maybe that's that's projection as
Timothy Sackton: That's what I do and the horns look cool.
Timothy Sackton: I don't really know.
Timothy Sackton: But I'd be curious to know what happens if you blow it.
David Kong: Will try that experiment and another time.
David Kong: You smile and
Mike Sackton: Smile and there was there was some folks in town who suggested, there's
Mike Sackton: Been travelers coming through this whole winter.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's been a few
Timothy Sackton: Non who seem quite as interested in history as arcas but
Timothy Sackton: Passing East and
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if any ever came back. That's kind of odd. Now that you mentioned it.
David Kong: There's a fourth to the southeast. What does that for
Timothy Sackton: On the map that's
Timothy Sackton: That's
Timothy Sackton: That's very far SES. That's, um,
Timothy Sackton: My name's last
David Kong: We haven't talked about yet.
Timothy Sackton: Awesome. That's where, that's like a week, more than a week. That's like a weeks out TV or something like that. That's where we're down with appeared where you're where like, I'm like this area here.
Timothy Sackton: Is is kind of like just
In this
Timothy Sackton: Area is where the
Timothy Sackton: Is where like a lot of
Timothy Sackton: Like farms and irrigation is like where dates grow and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of in the eastern shadow of the mesa care was on the other side, this is kind of what people are referring to when they're talking about the set to the southeast, I think not. This first
Timothy Sackton: Although
Timothy Sackton: You never really know if
David Kong: Carson says, Yeah.
David Kong: What's that city south of chakra that other big walled city.
Timothy Sackton: Um, it's another one of the city. You don't know what it's well I guess you would know what it's called.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah where's my
David Kong: Money doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't matter. It's another Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: City.
Timothy Sackton: Class Conde
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to mention something which is that
Eric Rosenbaum: I think any scenario.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where we're defending
Eric Rosenbaum: Caroline either where only the priests stay on or a larger group tries to defend it. It's worth considering that I actually have the ability to fairly rapidly raise simple earthworks defenses.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could be around the temple itself to add a kind of bulwark
Eric Rosenbaum: To make it easier to defend or potentially a larger structure kind of simple low wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the event that that's needed
Eric Rosenbaum: I can imagine magical ability to manipulate earth to do that.
David Kong: How much protection does toker offer
Timothy Sackton: telco offers people offers
Timothy Sackton: Warriors offers
Timothy Sackton: Not so much protection of the city.
Timothy Sackton: But safety in numbers.
Timothy Sackton: If there really are only
Timothy Sackton: Thousands perhaps
Timothy Sackton: Several handfuls of dozens of these creatures.
Timothy Sackton: Than 100
Timothy Sackton: Maybe fewer
Timothy Sackton: Skilled soldiers.
Timothy Sackton: Might be all that is necessary.
David Kong: Well, for the town's people. It feels like there's only two options, either to stay here or to go to Tokyo.
David Kong: That that's that's really it. Those are the
David Kong: Most on this misunderstanding. Those are the two primary options for the townspeople. Is that right, and
David Kong: Look at
Timothy Sackton: Look at the Council cases says
Timothy Sackton: Yes, indeed. Those seem to be are two options.
Timothy Sackton: And I think
Timothy Sackton: The question is,
Timothy Sackton: Do we stay here, organize the defense.
Timothy Sackton: Do we flee.
Timothy Sackton: Or do we write out an attack, not the people obviously
We have
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: Have Darren is 40 man.
Timothy Sackton: And little outs.
Timothy Sackton: To aid us perhaps you know
Timothy Sackton: A few dozen more soldiers can be scared out
Timothy Sackton: From the
Timothy Sackton: Men and women who are in town for the festival perhaps
Timothy Sackton: As many as 20 or 30
Timothy Sackton: We can certainly
Timothy Sackton: You know, we can certainly muster a defense.
David Kong: So,
Timothy Sackton: defend against is it
Timothy Sackton: Is it this one attack is it
Timothy Sackton: Evil magic.
Is that
Timothy Sackton: Floods lightning.
Timothy Sackton: Playing plague.
David Kong: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: So, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I'm for how long do we need to stay exactly
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it just
David Kong: Feels like there's
There's
David Kong: There's there's danger.
David Kong: In travel to to to grow.
David Kong: And so if the village were to move to Tokyo.
David Kong: It would require probably all of us.
David Kong: Have dogs men ourselves to safely protect the villagers because the threats unknown.
David Kong: If we were to stay here and if
David Kong: Even a small number of forces were out sent out to investigate.
David Kong: That would impact the quality of our
David Kong: Defense Against again. Similarly, UNKNOWN
Mike Sackton: It seems to me that
Mike Sackton: A melted group.
Mike Sackton: moving west.
Mike Sackton: Could move relatively quickly.
Mike Sackton: Are there enough mounts for the whole village.
Timothy Sackton: That should be
Timothy Sackton: Possible supplies as the greater challenge.
Eric Rosenbaum: And in the event that the village stays are their stores already laid in or would we need to accumulate
Timothy Sackton: Stores knows, yes. I mean, animals, preserve yes it's transporting at all, should be flea. That is the challenge.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the village could be potentially self sufficient even under siege for several weeks, say,
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And has its own water supply.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, Gordon.
Mike Sackton: How secure
Mike Sackton: comm the Temple be made.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure Kuhn have some expertise in this area.
Timothy Sackton: can address that sort of looks around and he says,
Timothy Sackton: These words do not leave this
Timothy Sackton: A month ago.
Timothy Sackton: I would have said integrity impenetrable.
Timothy Sackton: Today,
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: What has changed.
Timothy Sackton: My faith in Chicagoans power or my ability to access chickens power.
David Schwartz: When's the last time you heard
Eric Rosenbaum: The
David Schwartz: Voice of shipping connected
Timothy Sackton: That is a hard question to answer.
Timothy Sackton: Because cocoon does not speak in a clear voice at all times.
Timothy Sackton: But
It's been
Timothy Sackton: Many months.
Timothy Sackton: Since I have been fully confident
Timothy Sackton: That she has with us.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: many weeks since I've been fully confident
Timothy Sackton: That our defenses.
Timothy Sackton: Will hold
David Kong: Here's my proposal or here's a thought.
David Kong: The safest place for the villagers is going to be to grow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ultimately,
David Kong: There's treachery in the journey.
David Kong: But
David Kong: 200 done Mari on horseback skilled riders.
David Kong: If they're able to get to the village.
David Kong: That's superior safety.
David Kong: No matter what alleged needs to find the King to raise the army.
David Kong: The question is,
David Kong: What's the name of the dude again.
I'm a hotdog.
David Kong: The great unknown.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is
David Kong: What are these forces that are
David Kong: Being rallied and
David Kong: What is the danger.
David Kong: We still don't know.
David Kong: If
David Kong: The village can be routed to to grow.
David Kong: If there's if hop Darren is men are are enough
David Kong: To protect the villagers.
David Kong: I look at our group.
David Kong: We may be able to try to investigate more
To understand
Eric Rosenbaum: What
What
David Kong: What dangerous we're truly up against.
David Kong: No matter what
David Kong: When that when the army is rallied if everybody's is is is
David Kong: Either staying within to crawl or staying here in
David Kong: The car. What if we've no understanding of this danger.
David Kong: Then
David Kong: We're at a disadvantage.
David Kong: The four of us.
David Kong: The four of us we have speed. We're nimble. We can be stealthy. We can learn as much as we can and then ultimately rally back
David Kong: And provide more information either to Tokyo or here whatever place we feel like is the is has the greater defense but it seems like Tokyo might be the safest place.
David Kong: If we feel like the village can can
David Kong: Reach there quickly enough.
David Kong: And if we feel like hotdogs men are sufficient enough to offer protection during the travel
David Kong: That's one possibility.
David Schwartz: But I think that's the right move
David Schwartz: I hoped. Our can come back.
David Schwartz: East again if there are enough soldiers to hold token there.
David Schwartz: Know,
David Schwartz: Once the villages evacuated.
David Schwartz: It's not impossible to have her come back used to defend
David Schwartz: Defend the temple continue to scout out from here as a base.
David Schwartz: Or what becomes a military up
Eric Rosenbaum: But one with a very important temple.
Mike Sackton: But holding it seems valuable for now.
The closest
Mike Sackton: Outpost to these strange events.
Mike Sackton: But I think I think Welby is right.
Mike Sackton: It can't be. How does a village.
Mike Sackton: Can only
Mike Sackton: Be held as a fort fortress.
David Kong: So the villagers.
David Kong: Should should should have been moved to Tokyo that yeah
Mike Sackton: That would be my thinking. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it is worth noting that when we went exploring found that crumbling agent for it to the east found something inside of it that we destroyed that
Eric Rosenbaum: Immediately eliminated a bunch of the danger in this area. So it may be that if we can go find another crumbling for it, we can eliminate more of the danger.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's worth asking how many of these forests are there we go to this fort to the north of here, we could reduce some of the danger, but where else is it coming from
Timothy Sackton: Sort of perks up as you're saying that, and it seems like he's he's drifted are debating says yes, this man speaks sense fleeing perhaps
Timothy Sackton: And for sure, my man could protect a column of of Denmark running South running West
Timothy Sackton: I think we could muster.
Timothy Sackton: You know, I bet I could double the size of my force.
Timothy Sackton: Just by mustering the people who are here for the festival. There's definitely some writers and fighters among them.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: Where do we attack. We cannot just run and leave no thought to striking back to protecting this land is our home.
Timothy Sackton: When I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Is, do we go south.
Timothy Sackton: Is the battle south as that's where most of these
Timothy Sackton: hyena creatures seems to be that seems with the greatest danger is that's where I would run
Timothy Sackton: Or is it north where it seems like
Timothy Sackton: Well, to be honest, it seems like horrible magic up there. She kind of nods.
Timothy Sackton: Would not be my first choice.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there an abandoned for it to the stuff
Timothy Sackton: I mean, there's a number. Yes. I mean, for sure. There's lots of these there's lots of
Mike Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: Also way like that big.
Mike Sackton: City is
Timothy Sackton: That's where the big city is that Dallas ended up nearby um
Timothy Sackton: You know, there's
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps nothing as big and sort of notable landmark as ravens hold but um
Timothy Sackton: You know, certainly Elise can sort of sketch out on a map where the location of sort of the significant ruins in that
Timothy Sackton: Direction our
David Kong: South or North Dakota.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah I rolled my map out on the table and also use minor illusion to make some animated characters appear to represent
Eric Rosenbaum: Us in the town a column fleeing it defenders of round it, the
Eric Rosenbaum: Infinite lightning storm or whatever the stream of blood, etc. Like,
Eric Rosenbaum: It's been a few minutes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, making all disappear and glow holographic Leibowitz table.
Timothy Sackton: Awesome. Our brain looks impressed.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was an angle.
Mike Sackton: And
David Schwartz: I say, I think, you know, have that I think you're better suited to them in the field, you know, to meet roving bands of a new people in the field.
David Schwartz: And we're better suited to still investigate ancient magic's that sort of looked at the other three. I mean, I'm not suited. I'm not suited for the ancient magic's part
David Schwartz: But hopefully
Eric Rosenbaum: This is what
I think
Timothy Sackton: Is an XP. Right. Or maybe you're suited to
Timothy Sackton: Meet some creatures in the heels.
David Schwartz: Yeah, as long as they're within 75 feet.
David Kong: But I think our bands.
David Kong: And my thought on on what we should do. We don't have a sense of what dangers lie and and also confronting any these dangerous head on May, it may prove
David Kong: extremely dangerous and deadly even for ourselves. So I think if we were to take this approach, we would have to our, our mission would really be reconnaissance to try to understand that the true scope in danger, and then ultimately
David Kong: If we were to maintain car well as an outpost.
David Kong: Return first with any information to share with control the mystics here and then again.
David Kong: Gathering your permission.
David Kong: So hob Dar, if you are, if you and your band were able to first ferry. The villagers West at okra, get them to safety. There
David Kong: You could then return back here to carwash help fortify Carla here along with Kendra.
David Kong: While we still continue our search either north or south, depending on what direction we choose
David Kong: And then we can we can rally back here to car while after our investigation is complete, and then we can, if there is a plan for attack, then we can decide that and in the meanwhile, less can can work with.
David Kong: Hopefully rally the troops with the king, and given that if after after that reconnaissance we can hopefully come up with a better plan on how to either attack or defend depending on what we're up against.
Timothy Sackton: How it sort of looks around the room a little bit and says, I, I said I'd
Timothy Sackton: Agree to your wisdom and I hold by that.
Timothy Sackton: But I
Timothy Sackton: Feel like we can fight this
Timothy Sackton: I can rally some more troops, I can
Timothy Sackton: I'm sure I can find people in this village, people who are here for the festival, who will fight, perhaps even enough
Timothy Sackton: To guard. Those who want to flee as well as
The taxi.
Timothy Sackton: Ride North
Timothy Sackton: I will go where you direct me
David Kong: After we don't doubt the strength of your, of your, your men. I think what's become clear in this conversation is we simply don't understand what we're up against.
David Kong: We just don't understand truly the severity of what what may live in the north or the South and our top priority has to be protecting the townspeople
David Kong: Though it seems as though you're very well we'll have that opportunity to demonstrate your strength on the battle, but we should do that after we know what we're up against.
Timothy Sackton: As I said,
Timothy Sackton: I will follow your wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: Not be overly cautious.
Timothy Sackton: And perhaps win the battle but lose the war.
David Kong: I just I just Glenn said
David Kong: I mean, really, everybody, you know. But first, our, our, our crew, you know,
David Kong: What do you all think
Mike Sackton: Thank Kansas speaks with
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: Information
Mike Sackton: Is going to be necessary for fighting this these battles.
Mike Sackton: Behind the dozen hyenas, you've seen there could be
Mike Sackton: 1000 more
Eric Rosenbaum: Advise preparing the evacuation.
Eric Rosenbaum: And also a contingency plan A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Vacation to
David Kong: Also go on vacation. If
Eric Rosenbaum: You're inside the temple for an indefinite stay in the event, the evacuation needs to be abandoned.
David Kong: And they have to return.
David Kong: Or blown it sounds believe
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know when attack an attack could strike.
David Kong: While the evacuation. If that were to happen, what happened. Well actually fortifying the temple, no matter what will be swapped. Well, what we should do that. Anyways, because if this is going to become a fortress, even if it's just for Kendra said for the mystics
Eric Rosenbaum: We should fortify it
David Kong: No matter what
Eric Rosenbaum: And then Corporation
David Kong: Yes. So as soon as an even during these days while
David Kong: The while the
David Kong: While the festival Wayne's we can begin the fortification of the town. Prepare the villagers for evacuation to the west and before we leave either north or south.
David Kong: Have the have the temple. Well, fortified and ready for for both can dresses sake, but also when a hop dar
Dar at any troops to return.
David Schwartz: Yeah, and a hugger. If you can muster enough
David Schwartz: Soldiers to split your forces. If you can muster enough people to defend the people thing West and strikes out at the same time so much better.
Mike Sackton: Rankings stealth before
Mike Sackton: You go to class.
Timothy Sackton: South or North
Mike Sackton: I would
Mike Sackton: Striking it's premature to strike staff based on the reports, we've seen
So far,
Mike Sackton: When they're when these there's no commander, there's no plan.
Mike Sackton: We don't know what they're doing.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to be
Timothy Sackton: hell bent on destruction.
Chaos.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: killing and eating anything in their path.
Timothy Sackton: I've seen these creatures.
David Schwartz: Hunger, that can't be filled.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe
Mike Sackton: After that,
Mike Sackton: Dangerous not that
Eric Rosenbaum: You
Mike Sackton: Die gloriously in battle.
Mike Sackton: The danger is that you and your men come back to carola
Mike Sackton: As these hygienic features kill your friends and family.
Timothy Sackton: Hey, looks sort of shaken by that in terms of
Timothy Sackton: Not
Timothy Sackton: Consider that
Possibility.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps you do speak wisdom.
David Kong: I feel like how
David Kong: Are you and your men will
David Kong: Be of greatest service in protecting the town's people, the family. It's and as, as was a dresser Kesa said car was not this place. Carol was its
Eric Rosenbaum: People
David Kong: For the people just survive it needs the greatest protection and
David Kong: I don't think even dividing those forces is wise I think hob dark you maintain your entire force ensure over the next few weeks that the town can can safely resettle temporarily until
David Kong: Then after that resettlement occurs then rally back here to the Carolinas and will, in the meantime, that learned as much as we can. And then we can devise the best strategy for attack knowing as well that I'm of the kings army is being
Raised
Timothy Sackton: I can do that.
David Kong: I just kind of glance around to control and he said just everybody
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
David Kong: What are your thoughts on this plan, please. This is not
David Kong: This is not the time now to
David Kong: To carry any doubts or regrets, please speak our minds.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm making an animated version of the Kenza plan.
Timothy Sackton: Is the priestess of of Jamali who said the
Timothy Sackton: paralyzes people she has been quiet and she speaks up and she says,
Timothy Sackton: We know how to run. We know how to ride.
I think
Timothy Sackton: Kendra's I know
Timothy Sackton: You will not leave this place.
Timothy Sackton: But I really do think
Timothy Sackton: Our people can escape and have dar
Timothy Sackton: If you can protect us till toker then
Timothy Sackton: Ride to glory. However, you
Want
Timothy Sackton: That will keep the most people alive and Kesa kind of nods as she's speaking
Timothy Sackton: I know we must protect the temple.
Timothy Sackton: I know
Timothy Sackton: This temple that has been here.
Timothy Sackton: Before the town, even
Timothy Sackton: Cannot be abandoned Kendra's and I'm not asking you to do that.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: I do think Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: The people fleeing right plan and if
Timothy Sackton: If we weren't everybody
Timothy Sackton: At the festival off we spread the word.
Timothy Sackton: I can't even
Timothy Sackton: Communicate this need, as part of the festival. So everybody will hear
Timothy Sackton: We can spread out across the plains and warn those who have not made it back to town.
Timothy Sackton: west of the river. Hi, everybody. West
Timothy Sackton: West, people will die.
David Kong: And as you all may will soon appreciate as well.
David Kong: Secrets great powers of protection and can can greatly help and
David Kong: fortifying the temple.
David Kong: I think we will
David Kong: We will have
David Kong: Great benefit from from the dwarf here and and helping to fortify and provide some protection for controls and for the mystics
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only have what, but what both what I have to work.
David Kong: As you have this like 3D tangible interface flooding in
Timothy Sackton: So how after then says, well,
Timothy Sackton: I will muster who I can raise what for us. I can
Timothy Sackton: protect those fleeing West
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps, leaving a small guard.
To support Kendra.
Timothy Sackton: And then return
Timothy Sackton: Gathering and Caroline before and attack.
Timothy Sackton: Suma
David Kong: What do you think, Oh, sorry. Good.
Timothy Sackton: Sooner than speaks up and says, I will
Timothy Sackton: I will lead the evacuation with Kesa
Timothy Sackton: We can make sure as many people had west as possible and Elise will be busy writing
As fast as she can.
Timothy Sackton: For the king.
David Kong: To address that. What do you think of this plant.
Timothy Sackton: Can just kind of looks over and
Again says
Timothy Sackton: I trust.
Timothy Sackton: In your experience and wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: I think for all my
Timothy Sackton: Time in carwash and all of my experience.
Timothy Sackton: And
What skill. I do have
Timothy Sackton: I have never been east of our border. I have never been on the blasted planes. I have never crossed the canyon been across the gosh
Timothy Sackton: You have and seeing what's out there.
Timothy Sackton: And I think as soon as he has said.
Timothy Sackton: The dangers, or sorry, as dealt with has said.
Timothy Sackton: The danger of attacking
Timothy Sackton: Maybe greater and more terrible than
Timothy Sackton: Simply a glorious death and battle.
Timothy Sackton: And given that the only thing we can do to keep the people alive as many people as we can as flee until we know what we're facing.
Timothy Sackton: And I
Timothy Sackton: Even without our magic. The temple can be fortified
Timothy Sackton: It is stone. It is solid.
Timothy Sackton: We have water we have food.
Timothy Sackton: If we have to ask secret to seal the doors shots and nothing
Timothy Sackton: Can come or go
Timothy Sackton: Then
Timothy Sackton: We will survive until you return
David Kong: And the only question. The only question remains for us. I look at
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
Margaret.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where do we go
David Kong: Do we go north to go south.
Timothy Sackton: And I kind of need you to route because
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you gotta prepare
Mike Sackton: North. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I agree.
David Kong: By North
David Schwartz: North
Mike Sackton: Why North that
Mike Sackton: seems to be coming from there.
David Schwartz: Yeah.
David Schwartz: We have a lead, we know
David Schwartz: That there was some
David Schwartz: Saucer some wizard there some magic.
David Schwartz: We know that it's a definite location with a person
David Schwartz: Creating this effect.
David Schwartz: Though there may be many other swim that fights.
Eric Rosenbaum: Find such a thing, so
David Schwartz: It seems almost solid
Eric Rosenbaum: There's one thing I think we might do before we depart, which is to make a concerted effort in some way to reach shall
Eric Rosenbaum: We mail, but it's it's worth our participating in that as well.
Um,
David Kong: Let's see.
Mike Sackton: We should bring this beer tip.
David Schwartz: Agree.
David Schwartz: That so you know it's it's not my place to say this, but
David Schwartz: We talked about not wanting to abandon the temple.
David Schwartz: Possible. The temple already has been abandoned.
David Schwartz: It's possible. Sure Coons already abandoned.
Timothy Sackton: And dress that sort of looks over
Timothy Sackton: I cannot deny that.
Timothy Sackton: But there is more to the temple been just chuck Coons presence there is our history as well.
Timothy Sackton: And that I will not leave behind.
Eric Rosenbaum: And also,
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever it is that I saw this don't sense, which I don't remember, but some stash of valuables.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, you didn't you
Timothy Sackton: weren't able to quite figure out what it was, but what it was was clearly something
Timothy Sackton: Unusual that you had not encountered before and extremely valuable.
Eric Rosenbaum: And deep inside
Timothy Sackton: And deep inside just at the edge of the range of your sense
Yeah.
David Kong: My only
David Kong: I think this planet sound.
David Kong: My only concern is
Eric Rosenbaum: We
David Kong: Will not fully comprehend the dangers of the South.
David Kong: We still have to
David Kong: Our knowledge will be incomplete at the threat.
David Kong: Without fully understanding the dangers of the South.
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
David Kong: The other, the other thing we could do is
David Kong: After WAS HIS NAME IT HOT DOG hot dog.
David Kong: Hot Dog after you and your full force.
David Kong: ensure the safety of the people.
David Kong: We
Eric Rosenbaum: If we after our investigation of the North
David Kong: If we convene back into the
David Kong: In the town, then we can discuss perhaps on how to further investigate the South.
David Kong: Ideally, if we were able to do it.
David Kong: Simultaneously that
Eric Rosenbaum: Feels
David Kong: Like that would be the best
David Kong: Bet. I don't know if there's a good way to do that.
Timothy Sackton: You means scout
Timothy Sackton: South and North at the same time.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: A small party that could scout South
David Kong: Yeah, have dark. Do you have
David Kong: Do you have. Do you have men that you trust a small group.
David Kong: Reconnaissance only no engagement.
Timothy Sackton: A leash look over it.
Timothy Sackton: And prompt our
Eric Rosenbaum: I know this kind of crunk
Timothy Sackton: He's been at this point. He's probably been dead for 50 years
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But fortunately, I'm
Timothy Sackton: I'm sorry I lashed looks over top. Darren says
Timothy Sackton: half dollar
Timothy Sackton: This is, this is what I do.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: One of
Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: You or
Timothy Sackton: She looks around at the Council somebody else we trust.
Timothy Sackton: Could be sent.
Timothy Sackton: To meet with the king.
Timothy Sackton: And request aid and a muster.
Timothy Sackton: And I could perhaps
Timothy Sackton: Join with a few of your
Timothy Sackton: quieter and faster riders, preferably Honda and
Timothy Sackton: go investigate the South myself.
David Kong: Are there any, are there are there politics involved in engaging the king.
David Kong: Does the emissary matter.
Timothy Sackton: Kesa answer.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of like
Timothy Sackton: snorts a little bit says there's always politics.
The king.
Timothy Sackton: The king doesn't care about us. Yes, of course. The emissary.
David Kong: Matters. Who's the best emissary. Is it a lush
Timothy Sackton: I trust.
Timothy Sackton: The best emissary though.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps, perhaps we can think of somebody who would
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps we can think of somebody else, somebody who might be able to get the kings attention.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Those who live in the
Timothy Sackton: cushy wetlands to the west.
Timothy Sackton: They forget about
Us, they forget about our traditions.
Timothy Sackton: To them Chardin is where the money is.
Timothy Sackton: Charting is the future.
Timothy Sackton: I am not so sure.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, you raise a good point.
Timothy Sackton: A lash perhaps we could confirm
Timothy Sackton: If you are going to scout
Timothy Sackton: Which I do understand
Timothy Sackton: Is when you do
Timothy Sackton: We may be able to discuss and and
Timothy Sackton: propose an alternate
Timothy Sackton: MSR you can ride fast.
Timothy Sackton: But perhaps also do get the job done.
David Kong: will defer to you on the politics, you know that better than us. But I think that would be wise.
David Kong: If we understand the relationships of the king and what what might
David Kong: Ultimately, bend the Kinsey are in our favor.
David Kong: Sending the best emissary and then
David Kong: Allowing the other best riders.
David Kong: To head south and
David Kong: Again, only reconnaissance only investigation. Then when we reconvene back
David Kong: In carwash
David Kong: Hopefully in several weeks time
David Kong: We'll have the information. Hopefully that we need to
Eric Rosenbaum: Make the next
David Kong: Make the next strategy.
Timothy Sackton: Agreed.
David Kong: So just look around at everybody
Timothy Sackton: Everybody sort of nods.
David Kong: Are we decided
Timothy Sackton: Our cases says we are decided
Timothy Sackton: The morning after the festival
Timothy Sackton: We will begin organizing
Timothy Sackton: The retreats.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suggest you leave on your respective missions and she looks at
Timothy Sackton: You and
Timothy Sackton: As soon as possible after the festival
Timothy Sackton: If there is anything else.
Timothy Sackton: That we can do or provide the end you on your way.
Timothy Sackton: Let us know.
Timothy Sackton: And she directs that
Timothy Sackton: To you and Alaska and to have dar basically everybody who's not Kesa
Timothy Sackton: Suma or Kendra's
Timothy Sackton: And when that I think that's a good spot to call it a night.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Word.
Bass